Wall Street convict.
... the Boxer Rebellion.
Yes, my name is Frank but don't hate me for it.
OK, you can tell the boss I'll take a dive in the 8th, but I don't think it's going to be very believable.
We're economizing on work dinners.
They're doing a live action Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs remake next door.
Vesalius pays double when the heart's still pumping.
Do you have any relish? For a hot dog?
Flaunt it if you've got it.
I'm compensating.
The compensation committee didn't get the joke.
Let's just hope no one takes my lunch this time!
I promise, this will be a first round knockout.
May I be frank?
Maybe behind the power plant isn't the best place for the lunch truck.
I said yes when she asked if I wanted it supersized.
It's good for the heart, 'No Nitrates'!
Frank, Hot Dog, Weenie. Security still won't let me on the plane.
No, it's exactly what you think.
Fattening up for the winter.
No, I'm not overcompensating.
I'll have you know that the only thing I'm compensating for is a rough breakup with a vegan.
The boss wanted a metaphor for too much chatter during meetings.
Used to love working here but lately I find I'm losing my relish.
Hi, I’m the new guy, Nathan.
I can't cut the mustard.
I have an appointment with Nathan.
Hey, the boss said it was okay to take a long lunch.
Do you think we'll need to use lube?
Frank's filling in at the presentation. He speaks with such relish when he's on a roll
I really have to stop going to Costco
It tested positive for HGH -- hotdog growth hormone.
Look what followed me to the office. Can I keep it?
Got it at the Giants game.
I'm headed to Costco for a gallon of mustard.
I thought DA-DONALD was BIGGER.
I swear, I'm not hiding anything.
I'm happy to see you.
But you told me to buy a dog without fleas!
It's a metaphor.
this is no picnic, believe me.
Is there room for me to put my dog down?
Is the boss still looking for new ideas for a slogan 'cause Frank's on a roll?
First prize was a giant burger.
When no one is up to the challenge, sometimes you have to bring in a big dog.
Deep down, Trump is really insecure.
Hello, I'd like to ship this to Burns, Oregon.
Please order a case of mustard immediately.
They changed the size of your precious 'Mega Dog'!
Do you have a few hundred ketchup packets by any chance?
I told Oscar to stop singing that jingle!
I need to come up with a jingle pronto - what rhymes with wiener?
The Council says it's still not a sandwich.
But sometimes a big wiener is just a big wiener.
This is not something I relish.
You're going all out with this bring-a-dog-to-work day!
Do you have a hundred of those little packets of ketchup?
They said we can eat at our desks.
They said it's because I'm always playing catchup.
Nathan's said, 'Okay. We'll stop 'em at one.'
It's okay, I'm not going to eat the bun.
Of all the jobs I've held, this is the wurst.
Doctor advised me only one Hot Dog a day.
I couldn't cut the mustard
Reforms!
The 3-D printer seems to have a glitch.
If you can't run with the big dogs . . .
Yeah, every business trip to Europe seems to involve Frankfurt
A new study shows tough love may be more effective
... but we'll make a fortune selling mustard!
I know, I know it's more than a foot long
I don't relish your position Jim.
damn, working in the art department must suck!' 'its not for the art department.' 'SHIT!
I thought Friday was bring your pet to work day?
Gregor dreamt he was an Oscar Mayer weiner.
Life's dealt me me nitrates and yeast.
I've left the soda double-parked.
The bad news is that it is vegan.
You think this is big ... you should see the vendor's new cart!
I'm on the 5' 2' diet.
Please don't let Michael Moore see this. I swear - they tell me that they didn't find any evidence that Bovine Growth Hormone is involved - and there is no proof whatsoever that they used GMO grain in the bun.
My therapist suggested that I adopt a dog.
'Marty, Once you finish with those emails, I'm going to need a lot of mustard.
I know -- super-sizing has gotten out of hand.
Is Dr. Freud in?
An attendant has been notified to assist you.
We are in a pickle.
I wanted an elephant, Frank, an elephant!
You are either a weenie or a hot dog around this place. The trick is how you cut the mustard.
My wife thinks I'm overcompensating with the new product line.
Don't worry, it's compliant with ISO 9000.
New luncheon meeting caterer's not going to work out.
Sorry boss, they didn't have any coffee.
Is that the mock-up for the hot dog campaign?
With that new girl in the office, Derek had to do something to hide his embarrassment
It's 'Take Your Dog to Work Day.'
What? Do I have something on my face?
Their super pac wants to use it to advertise how great trickle down economics is.'
Chernobyl's back.
This is HR, right? I'm the sexual harassment guy.
Pass muster?
How did I get this thing past security, I hear you say..?
'It's all part of a conspiracy by the mustard packet cartel.'
'Germany'.
Don't give me that face. It's gluten free.
On my proposal he asked, 'Where's the weenie?'
Im just going to march in there and be completely frank with them.
Who ordered it plain?
I'm working late.
Frank, 'Bring a Food that shares your Name Day' is actually next Friday
Call everyone to the conference room for a very frank discussion.
I’ll show you dog eat dog.
I'm working on another product I'm calling a 'lunchbox'.
Kosco....wife cant pass up a bargain.
Another Nigel Tufnel, cocktail napkin designer special.
I didn't have any breakfast.
Here's your contest wiener
Just taking my giant hot dog out for some cool air
I know what to do with that bucket of mustard your ordered.
Be thankful I skipped the beans.
I need to have my dog put down.
Can I borrow an onion?
GMO at its best.
'That's what shesaid'. 'That's what she said'.
I'm practicing for the contest at Coney Island.
Costco has a street vendor!
My doctor limits me to one hot dog a week.
Not over … regular, just regular.
I'm going to take a long lunch.
What d'ya mean there's no ketchup?
Got it from the stand right next to the nuclear power plant. I think it's called 'Size Matters'.
Wanna share?
I need a new direction in my life.
Is that a DESKTOP computer?
If they don't give me a nickname today, I give up.
You should see my dick!
Just back from Costco...
I really love mustard
It's the lunch special from Mile End Deli.
I have very high metabolism.
When the boss said he needed more winners I misunderstood.
Research for the Chicago account.
Don't ever supersize at Wiener World.
I start my diet tomorrow.
It's my turn to treat for lunch this week.
Who knew jumbo really meant jumbo!
I thought it was bring your hot dog to work day.
Be careful what you wish for.
It gives new meaning to the word 'whopper.'
Am I late for the Oscar Meyer analysts' meeting?
I'm taking an extended lunch break.
That better be kosher.
I thought the sign said,'Where the big dogs eat.'
Shareholders' meeting
We need to make an appointment. It's time for Frank discussion.
It's a turkey frank...it's healthy!
He wished he was an Oscar Meyer weiner.
Hot dog, hot dog, the problem's definitely NOT solved.
It's this years bonus for top dog.
I just can't resist a bargain.
It's my comfort dog.
I'm in the Flintstone stage of my Paleo diet.
I am NOT Frank's toady.
Where do we keep the napkins?
I take it this isn't what you meant when you said 'think big' for the Heinz account...
I'm hear for a frank discussion with the boss
It JUST connected to the wifi.
Frank, I thought we already talked about your lunches lasting more than four hours...
I picked up lunch for the boss.
It's this new diet. You want my bun?
...jumping frog, Albuquerque
Any chance you could help me carry the condiments to my car?
My compensation review went pretty well!
Is it not bring your dog to work day?
I know. I know, but it's kosher.
Really? You don't want to eat this giant hotdog that might be from hell?
Oi Vey!
For your information, it's an Emotional Support Dog!
Frank, you're no longer the biggest wiener.
What do you mean, where's the onions?
Boss said he wanted it huge and made me pay for it.
Have a good day, Mr. Gulden!
I'm going for a lunch break. See you in two weeks.
No, I don't eat gluten, but it would look awkward to carry without the bun.
Where's the intern...?
Something, something, dick joke.
This was my prize for sending in another losing entry to the 'New Yorker Cartoon Caption Contest'
I was asked to leave the break room.
Which way to the office of the Big Cheese?
Governor Christie's lunch order
Don't order the surf and turf.
This is what he truly wanted to be.
You should see the one that got away.
It's for Joey Chestnut.
The mustard is in the sprinkler system.
I never eat the bun.
It's part of my substantial severance package
The name's Frank
I just couldn't resist the smooth buns.
Have you seen the big cheese?
Who ordered the Footlong from Sasquatch's Weiner Emporium?
My consolation prize from the corner mini-mart for not winning the lottery.
Who knew the footlong was Big Foot's?
I'm guessing you think this means a revisiting of your 'larger mustard packet' idea we scrubbed last quarter!
'It's not what you think it is.'
What? It's 'Bring your dog to work day' isn't it?
Order for Bunyan,..., Paul Bunyan.
Our marketing director’s second name is M-O-R-O-N.
Our 3D printer needs a bit of calibration
You should see the hamburger!
Where's the wiener contest?
Sometimes a giant hot dog is just a giant hot dog.
It's my cheat day.
HR didn't like the blow up dolls.
Somebody told Jenkins here that he may already be a wiener.
My appetite has increased ever since I've been putting Kale in my morning smoothie.
Global mustard prices are tanking.
Just landed the Coney Island account.
I'm taking the dog for a walk
I've entered a hot dog eating contest, and I need to go work out.
It's a dog eat dog kind of day.
Tell the boss I want a frank discussion so I know it's all kosher.
No, you obviously didn't listen to the entire verdict. He said, 'Heads will roll... with the punches.'
Nathan's was having a sale.
I heard 'I wish I were an Oscar Meyer wiener,' and then found this
Let's see if that little guy wins the contest this year.
Isn't it Take Your Dog To Work Day today?
'And to think, Larry, some people actually doubted President Trump would deliver on his promises'
I'm a lapsed vegan.
Don't make me feel guilty because you're on a diet.
If the boss asks, tell him I'm out to lunch!
What?
'If one more person asks me if I'm overcompensating for something...No, I'm just flippin' hungry people!!
Care to join us for lunch ?
The microwave's on the fritz again.
Where are the condiments ?
I need some mustard. A lot of mustard.
I asked for the 'Jumbo', but the only size they had left was the 'Trump's Ego'.
Running with the Big Dogs again?
Trust me, you don't want to see how this was made.
We're out of mustard.
I have an appointment to see Joey Chestnut
Say Goodbye to open-plan office.
I'm taking a long lunch today.
The ketchup's arriving by truck.
You gotta see the new food truck parked outside.
You should have seen the ketchup.
Are you kidding me? Kosher?
It's “Frank for Fifty Friday.”
It's for the giant
Just want to show him who the big dog really is!
It's the vibration that bothers me.
I'm back on Paleo; you want the bun?
I'll show them who's the biggest dog in this company!
My hot dog is whole hog.
The lunch truck just delivered our 6 foot party hero.
Got any mustard?
For future reference: Mr. Davis tends to take things literally.
Trust me, you really don't want to see how they're made.
I'm thinking outside of the bun.
The Big Dog wanted a Big Dog!
It wasn't exactly the annual bonus I was hoping for.
Someone left the copier set to 500%.
I'm ready for the big game.
It's a great idea sir. The ad men all agree we can sell it as ''Bigger and Bolder flavor'. Shelf space might be problematic.
Were's the office fridge?
I told you playing hot dog guitar is better than playing air guitar.
You have to know how to bargain hard to get a volume discount like this.
What a ripoff! ' $87.50, without sauerkraut or relish.
Got 50 packs of mustard?
Did you order vast food?
If anyone wants me this afternoon tell them I've got my hands full.
Yeh, it's for the guy with the big head.
It's not my fault. I have portion distortion disorder.
We're brainstorming the MLB promotional giveaway for Barry Bonds Day.
well the giant foam finger was such a success it was inevitable
I'm tired of being under-compensated.
What the heck, it was buy one, get one.
I said: 'Supersize me....'
Yes, it is, but that doesn’t mean that I’m not glad to see you.
Look up Oscar again, please. I think I must have won.
It's dog eat dog out there.
Lack of space in the break room fridge is becoming an issue.
The Big Dog asked for it.
It came with the 7 Eleven Big Gulp.
They had a takeout special on twelve-foot-longs.
It won't flush!
It's a hot dogging surf board
The boss said to show him that I was able to run with the big dogs...
I found this down in the Men's Restroom. I think Weedermier is trying to hint that he's had it with the Giant Weenie Account again!
It fell off my wienermobile.
So then I said supersize it.
They say a big weeny can summon confidence and I have a presentation today.
That doesn't qualify as a service dog.
This one’s farm fresh! No more processed foods for me.
I just broke up with my vegan, gluten-free, anorexic girlfriend
I was told I could take a long lunch.
What can I say, Costco had a sale.
I'm donating it to the museum in Frankfurt!
I love New York values.
Tell Jerry that his equipment has arrived, please.
It's the boss's therapy dog.
I'm taking a long lunch
Do you have any mustard?
Beef frank with me, does my bun look big?
Somebody isn't listening to government warnings.
Outlaw this Bloomberg!
It's a holiday gift from my client, Oscar Meyer.
I'm taking my yearly lunch break now.
In case I get hungry
I'm starving. Missed breakfast today!
poor guy, he was punch-drunk!
Would you happen to have 300 mustard packets in your desk?
I am constantly improving the algorithm.
Delivery for the porn studio.
Can you make a lame comment on my big weiner just to get that out of the way?
I finally got to hang out with the Big Dog! P.S. he's kosher.
I'm going back for the mustard
We met on Tinder.
$1:50 for the hot dog but they want $9 each for he mustard and relish.
There's a moving van coming with the mustard.
What? The condiments are on the elevator.
Sell everything. Buy mustard.
Try downloading mustard.
I didn't see anyone's name written on it.
I have an 11:30 with Mr. Mustard in the kitchen...
The Hulk is selling hot dogs again outside our building.
You REALLY do not want to see how legislation gets made.
Dude, you way over thought the 'frank discussion' memo!
It's been four hours. Call the butcher.
I Brought Lunch For Everyone !
I ran out of apples.
I know what you're thinking, but don't worry, it's gluten-free and vegan.
I'll share.
It's for the CEO.
It looks big because I've got small hands.
Lunch time!
I should NOT have filled in that order form without my glasses But, I am going to call her 'Cindy'
I spoke with Human Resources and it qualifies as an emotional support dog.
They said the soda ban didn't apply to hot dogs.
Frankly, I'm hungry.
I think its trying to tell me it goes with a shake
Costco. Why?
I think I found the beef.
Surf's up! Cancel my appointments. I'm goin' hotdogging.
Costco.
They said escort him out, but don't draw attention.
I'm going to relish this.
I'm starting the big plates movement.
It was either this, or buy 200 little ones.
I'm cutting back on carbs!
Are you sure you said Subway?
Boss, this will be perfect for the grand new Rams stadium in LA.
'Well then, I guess they should have been a tad more specific about 'Bring Your Dog to Work Week'!'.
I prefer a heavy lunch
It's Pink's party platter.
I'm going to take a quick 'snack' break.
I will complain to corporate if this doesn't come with everything.
Donald Trumps office?
Shock therapy for vegans.
Which way is Oprah's office?
I'm showing the newest unpaid intern around.
We're having a long lunch meeting today...
Have you seen my vat of mustard?
They opened a new Costco!
My Freudian Symbol is bigger than your's!
First we impose the punitive damages.
We're from Texas.
Haven't you ever seen a man with a giant weiner before?
Let me know the minute the vat of baked beans arrives.
This is how much I relish my job.
Did you get him mustard on that?
They forgot the mustard again and now the saurkraut too!
Since Bloomberg left office a regular dog just isn't the same anymore.
The lunch hour is untenable.
Speak softly, and carry a big wiener
I shoud not have 'superzided'.
The thrill is gone.
Hey pal...how'd you like to make a quick $50?
Don't give me that look, it's 100% organic grass-fed beef
That's a condition you should see a psychotherapist about.
Get me some mustard and cancel my afternoon meetings.
I'm moving this in the room with Gluten
Yes, but I also got a diet soda.
The boss: 'Get it while it's hot. Three ketchup, 2 mustard and 3 jars of relish.'
The boss said I am the big 'wiener' this year!
What? It's gluten free.
You are what you eat.
Just call me Big Frank
Don't worry -- it's low sodium.
Stuart, I need you to work overtime for an indefinite period
I told you we would be affected by the downsizing.
They were all out of Real Dolls.
Calm down, Nathan, it's a prop.
Leftovers from the Giants game.
I told them I needed enough for the whole office.
Just fast food at Costco.
You should see the size of the mustard bottle.
They had a special. Buy one foot long, get two free.
I skipped breakfast.
The boss gave me a frank review.
Per Se changed the menu to win back patrons.
Wienermobile beta.
I told him to be careful what he wished for!
New item on dollar menu?
Do we have any mustard in the lunch room?
Hold the mustard.
Did you mean... Philatelic or, Phallic theme ?
Call catering and tell them it was 'hot DOGS' for 30, not 'dog' for 30!
Have you tried the new macrowave?
It's a disruptive lunch.
Did you know that Nathan's was bought out by Costco.
Can you let me know when the mustard arrives?
I said 'Show me a WINNER'
Where did you put the giant tub of mustard?
Are we all out of relish?
Let's be frank that's a big dog!!
I had hard time, seem's like nobody carries big buns anymore.
You see... Just rub right here and voila.
You can bring the mustard.
You don't want to know what went into it.
Hey! I read , on Facebook, that one a day won't kill you.
I think we're going to need a bigger microwave.
Curate this.
Is that five gallon bucket of mustard in the lunch room?
Well, this is gonna ruin at least three of my New Years resolutions.
The fries are on the loading dock.
The salesman told me the biggest ones taste the best.
I think it's about time you tried our product.
If Mr. Mustard calls, put him through immediately.
4th floor. Great deal but they're going fast. I saw a few left-handed models, too..
Where is the macrowave?
Turn off spell-check... I ordered an inflatable doll!
According to the Genie, your last wish was for a larger Wiener!
A Buddhist gave this to me.
I work for the FDA. Is this the whistleblower office?
Thanks from Nathan's for our unannounced but 'helpful' audit.'
That's great Peter, but you still only get 45 minutes for lunch.
My new diet plan allows me to have one hot dog for lunch.
Couldn't resist. It was on sale.
With extra added preservatives.
Dr. Banner gets really cranky when he's hungry.
It's how the boss limits himself to one serving a week.
They make Kosher GMO wieners now. Who knew?
Buzz the guys with the mustard and ketchup vats in.
'Hopefully Bob's 'little taste' of my lunch today won't leave me with crumbs again'
I told Jake, 'six foot longs', not 'six foot long!'
Something tells me Mr. Trump will not enjoy the Clinton's brand of humor
New Costco vendor on corner.
If I leave him home alone too long he gets mustard on everything.
No wonder those Costco hot dogs are so popular.
Last time the boss said she'd rather take a big bite than make a big promise.
How can we be out of mustard?
Does my wiener make me look small?
How did you think Boss kept that 'dog-eat-dog' attitude?
My doctor has cut me down to one hot dog a day.
Hold my calls Melvin. You've met Gina right?
It uses up about 200 megabytes of data.
It's not for me,it's for trump
The big dog is a metaphor Gary.
We're downsizing. This will be the new Weinermobile.
Thanks for the tip. That place is really great value.
'Hot Dog! Re-elect Weiner!' As good as 'Jeb'?
Yes, but not literally!
No, actually medium.
I was hoping to be selling Girl Scout cookies again this year, but no!
And they still only gave me one mustard packet.
No way can we market it as non-GMO.
They were out of mustard.
I don't get it...
It's from the HR team Frank. They don't like hot dogs.
Mr. Trump is looking for examples of American exceptionalism.
Do you validate parking?
Hi, I was told to deliver a large political hot dog to this office. Which politician here wants to be President?
That new GM food cart is awesome!
Let's see the mayor try to ban this.
I'll need some help with the super-sized soft drink.
If a Grey Poupon asks, you haven't seen me.
Did you know you can't get a foot long anymore.
Its called The Donald
She called him 'a big wiener,' poof, shakes started, and we all thought he might get over it if we just left him alone in his office for a while.
What don't you understand about 'No food in the office!'
Can you treat a four-hour dogrection?
I'm going to need a three hours for lunch today!
They didn't have that spicy brown mustard you like.
Research came up with this. They figure bigger is better.
The heart wants what the heart wants.
Cancel all my meetings for today.
It's lower in cholesterol then you think.
The microwave in the break room is acting up again.
I'll need a hand with the mustard.
Trying to replace the family dog, huh?
You need to replenish the mustard in the break room.
Did you know you can get fired for slapping your giant wiener on your boss's desk?
I have a fast metabolism, don't judge me.
Too frank?
They're transferring me to the Frankfurt Office
Mondays are the wurst
We must not let the terrorists win, Bob.
I won an Oscar.
Dr Franck Furter I presume.
Let me be frank with you.
It's Leap Year, the Golly Green Giant is trying meat.
I'm looking for Nathan.
I'm going to the doctor. I'ts been four hours!
My salad days are over.
Frank is showing his first signs of Ball Parkinson's..
You got it all wrong. Penis envy is a woman's thing.
Pardon me, would you happen to have a five gallon bottle of Grey Poupon?
Hebrew National has a new 'Goliath' dog
In Texas everything is big!
Just our luck. The Jolly Green Giant's a vegan.
Hey, I thought it was big dog Friday.
I need a new pitch for this year's Fourth of July.
Jim, I have good news & bad news regarding your severance package ...
They ran out of mustard
Cancel my lunch...and my dinner.
I'm going to need a little extra time for lunch today
Mustard, ketchup and relish is on the way
Someone must have the 3-D food printer on 'supersize' mode.
There's good news and bad news about our bonuses this quarter.
Do you happen to have any extra ketchup packets in your desk?
Can we try Casual Fridays instead of Wiener Wednesdays?
What hot dog?
The deli was out of party hoagies.
It's for emotional support.
Is the Chef in? My dog isn't feeling too hot.
If anyone calls, just tell them I'm out walking the dog.
Did you see the gallon of mustard that was on my desk?
Lunch at Costco again?
This is not quite what I had in mind for getting close to the 'Big Dog'.
I'm dating someone online. She wants to see my wiener.
The deli cart has a new supersized menu.
Daley-o Diet.
Who's the big dog now?
And that's why I'm voting for Bernie Sanders.
It's only 8 points on Weight Watchers.
Yes, I know. My wife packed me lunch.
You got beef, Frank?
Can you please tell me where the big dog's office is?
Nathan’s and Costco merged.
Man, I have heard of 'holding the mustard', but this is ridiculous.
All I said was, 'supersize me.'
Turns out Big Foot is real.
This is it? Did you hear I wanted Wall St. size, not just the ordinary American size?
Where's the sauerkraut and mustard at?
how do I fit this in the elevator
They call it, 'your eyes are bigger than your stomach'.
My dad taught me never to not bring a very large hot dog to a sausage fest.
Sorry, the vendor was out of mustard.
I forgot the chili.
Genetically modified.
Had to go pick up this foot long for Mr. Goliath.
I relish this more than anything else.
I just finished my 24 hour fast.
Perhaps it was a mistake to assume you weren't 'vegan' vegan.
But my weener is bigger than his.
Whatever you so, don't use that new macro-wave oven in the employee lounge
When I said 'see you later alligator', I meant it.
That microwave's got too many options.
I did not order a mammoth humming hot dog for lunch.
It's a major award.
And a soydogsaurus for the vegans.
An award from the boss ... for all our 'catch-up' work.
You have your definition of a being a hot dog and I have mine.
I've been mustered out.
I can never pass up a deal.
I'm going to post a picture of it on Twitter.
She said she wants bigger buns.
Mr. Burger will see you now.
They didn't have anything glutton free.
I thought it was take your dog to work day
I'm going to the dog park.
My wife always makes too much food.
Listen, this dog just followed be to work this morning
I'm here to see Oprah.
Can I just be frank with you for a minute, Dave?
who says size doesn't matter ?
So today isn't Bring Your Dog to Work Day?
My guess is mustard gas.
It's my go-large, supersizing, happy meal moment.
that's your date?
Get off my back, it's gluten free.
What? I can't carry my giant wiener around?
That's quite the compensation package.
This is doggone heavy.
Macy's put all of last year's floats on markdown. It would have been stupid not to buy it!
Can I borrow three or four hundred little packets of mustard?
Can you get by on just one hot dog for lunch?
Ultimately product dev at jell-o was the wrong culture fit for this avant-gardiste, and he always felt conflicted about including it on his linkedin.
They put out the leftovers from the big meeting.
Woo, venti means 20 pounds when it comes to hot dogs.
Damnit, my dear, I do give a frank.
Something's wrong with the office microwave.
Should I remind the boss about his diet resolution?
Yes, my wife packed my lunch. So what?
Take your dog to work day.
I guess this makes me the Big Dog...
If my dietician calls, I'm out.
Meet my emotional support dog.
The only options were gluten free or non GMO.
I love Texas.
Weren't you saying it's a dog-friendly office?
I thought it was Bring Your Wiener to Work Day.' 'Welfare, Dave. Welfare.
You told me to be more frank with you, boss... How's this?
Stop starring and help me to ketchup!
Looks like your projections were off again.
They were out of foot-longs.
They were out of sandwich rings.
Google onions and mustard delivery.
I'm sorry, I thought you said a fathom-long.
I tried the new all-you-can-eat hot dog cart.
Sam's Club. Why?
I came for the works.
I gotta go walk the dog.
Doc says I better put her down.
Really? It's the size of the bun that offends you?
They're calling for snow.
It's been more than 4 hours.
The cook is in to GMO. Genetically Monstrous Offerings.
I'm gonna see if the gals in the lunch room want some of my wiener !
GMOs...
A big dog for the big cheese
On the bright side, it's bigger than last year's bonus.
The folks in R&D knocked it out of the park yet nothing but red flags from the whiners in distribution.
I'm way behind in my rat hair alotment...
HR said that this is my 'Top Dog' Award!
hey bro
Catering?
To heck with what the researchers say! I'm starved and this is the only way to get rid of my craving for nitrates!
I thought the boss said I've got a lot of catchup work to do.
Costco has a new item on the menu.
Better get my lawyer. I just accidentally goosed someone on the elevator.
That's one way to hold it.
Just a little insurance against being down-sized.
It's bring your do to work day. Right?
Doc said only one hot dog per week.
All I said was 'yes' when they asked if I was hungry
Don't just sit there, get someone to help you bring up the chips!
Tell Mr. Trump we couldn't make it great, so we settled for grotesque.
Don't judge me, pal. You've been super-sizing it for years.
they Supersized me
I didn't realize until I got back to the office that they got my order wrong.
I can't leave home without my weiner; otherwise I will just feel naked!
It plumps when you cook it.
Marketing to the big dogs again?
You asked if I had any other skill sets...
I'll need help with the hamburger.
You did tell me to beef up my performance numbers.
What's up big Dog?
I couldn't get the eight foot-longs you ordered, so ...
Costco for lunch again. Hard times, Frank.
Human resources just told me 'No more Hot dogging ' is allowed in the office, she didn't say anything about my surfing !
It's for Joe. He's always wanted to be a Frank.
Actually, he rescued me.
They're closing down 'Hot Dogs +'. I got this on sale.
I'm going to need a hand carrying in the condiments-the mustard is definitely a two man job.
It just dawned on me how much it looks like a penis. God, this is embarrassing.
New product. The Viagra Dog.
What, it's bring-your-dog-to-work day, right?
It's for lumbar support.
Is today not Bring Your Dog to Work Day?
I'm being frank.
I'm here for my interview with George and Richard Shea.
Hebrew National? That's one floor up.
Costco's food truck is here
I purposefully ordered it without the works.
I have a new challenge for one Mr. Jaws Chestnut.
After a smoothie for breakfast and lunch, I think I'm entitled!
Don't.Say.ANYthing.
There's a new Costco across the street
Mustarding up for a long meeting.
Do you know where the sour kraut is?
Which way is the potluck?
The invite said they were big hot dog eaters.
It makes air guitar more fun.
Which one is Weiner's office?
I'm going for lunch.. I'll be back in three weeks..
Marge asked if I wanted to play Hide the Sausage- no way I can't find this!
It'll be back to normal in four hours.
Watch what you wish for.
Everyone knows it's a dog eat dog world.
Cancel my dinner plans - I'm going to have a big lunch.
My secretary's hauling the mustard.
You save so much when you buy in bulk
It's ok -- I got a diet cola.
Well sure it's an honor. But why can't they just give plaques like every other company.
If you've never had your lunch stolen from the break room fridge, then I suppose you wouldn't understand.
It's bring your dog to work day.
I know you have a lot on your plate but, this dog is hot.
It's our answer to the Big Mac.
My New Year's resolution is 'think big.'
And, it came with a free Coke!
You asked for a winner and I got you one.
I don't have time to explain, I'm being pursued by a million deer. Have you seen a genie or not?
My life coach told me to live my dreams.
I'm taking the 'Big Dogs' out to lunch.
It's for the big guy.
Mustard, now!
Stonie is going down.
I think he might have said 'big bank'... okay, he definitely said 'big bank'.
Is that a hot dog or are you just happy to see me?
My doctor said to limit junk food to once a week.
I'm taking 2 hours for lunch today
My Doctor said I can eat one hot dog a day.
No, I'm not compensating.
Season tickets.
Do you ever feel like there are serious issues with America's food system?
I'm on my way to the boss with a red hot idea!
First she asked for a big salad and now this!
It's asking a lot, but do you know where I can lay my hands on a couple of jars of Grey Poupon?
I'd like to schedule the large conference room.
I'm eating in today, just lost my appetite!!!
And they only gave me two packets of ketchup.
Well then what did he mean when he said he wanted 'some big dogs' in the company?
I'm sure you'll enjoy this next assignment with great relish.
Have you seen the beer guy?
I said 6 foot long hot dogs.
Bring your dog to work is next Monday.
My doctor said I can only have one hot dog a week.
Just reaching out to see if I could curate snacktime in a more impactful way.
Do you think it's a problem that our microwave is from Chernobyl?
I'll be needing an extended lunch break.
It's a service dog.
Are you ready to run with the big dogs?
I'm compensating for my small breakfast.
Big? Sure. A new Kosher Supreme joint opened next door..
Good morning Herb, did you happen to finish that article about over-compensating?
I'm long on pork bellies.
Please trust me, Bob. dkj 'Bob, please trust me...your 'I have a giant wiener' joke is no longer suitable for the office.'
We need a 'super-sized microwave'
I told them I was tired of working for peanuts.
You've never been to one of our stockholder's meetings...have you?
It's a job ... and I do it with relish.
It's for my late-January Retox
Could I borrow a condom?
My eyes are up here
You still got that drawer full of ketchup packets?
It was hot dog giveaway night at the ballpark yesterday.
Don't look at me like that, you know I'm a stress eater!
Costco's gone nuts!
At least I got it to go.
I know the boss said no dogs, but I promise she's hypoallergenic.
This is what they give you in place of the golden parachute these days.
I said, 'pick me a winner.'
You said I should cut down to one meal a day, right?
Oscar, huh? See if this guy has a last name, sergeant.
I'm trying to get too big to fail.
Haven't you heard of drug sniffing hot-dogs?
It was a closing down sale!!!!!!! All ingredients in one hot dog.I am in heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No, I bought it after I got off the bus.
Two interns are carrying my Oreo.
It's my emotional support dog
I have so much to ketchup on.
Look away.
A reporter is out front - said he wanted to interview the Top Dog.
Miley's here.
Just what don't need, another super sized hot dog.
Without the bun, well, it would just look ridiculous.
See? I can run with the big dogs!
Don't even ask about condiments.
I'm just happy to see you
This has to last me until lunch.
I'm off to the Giants game.
It's surprisingly hard to keep our marketing in proper tune.
I'm not quite sure why, but I stood in line for seven hours outside an Apple store for this.
What? My nutritionist said I have to cut down to one hot-dog a day.
I don't relish this either.
The game got rained out!
Apparently it's not the dog kids love to bite.
is the dog therapist in today??
It's the new stress relief ad specialty item. You just squeeze your wiener!
I am on my way to the sausage party.
Don't shoot the messenger.
I'm asking in the strictest confidence Brad, have you seen the mustard?
Wait till you should see the beans.
I got a dog.
You should have seen the push cart.
I'm taking this to accounts receivable.
Two o'clock meeting with the big dogs.
The large was only a quarter more than the medium. You know me and turning down a bargain when I see one!
Isn't it 'Bring Your Dog To Work' day ?
Frank, we have to talk.
I am not broke and I am not hungry. But I am in a hurry.
Of course it came with fries and a Coke, but I was by myself.
Frank, I don't think that's what your doctor meant when he recommended a macro diet.
The client said he wanted to speak to the Big Dog...
Volume discount.
I told you I was a hungry bottom.
Too phallic?
It's from that new GMO sandwich shop.
Actually I did go to Costco for lunch – why do you ask?
Move us into the big conference room. We want them to feel small.
I'll be stone cold before I let those creditors get their hands on THIS thing.
I need to see the doctor. It's been like this well over four hours.
Who ordered the all-you-can-eat special?
Your hamburger got stuck in the elevator.
They told me to eat a big lunch since we'd be working late tonight...
Let all know the big dog is not in.
Can I borrow a gallon of mustard?
If anyone ask, I'm taking an extended lunch.
'Why don't they
Now no one can call my weenie weeny.
I'm a shower, not a grower.
Is that a hotdog,or are you just glad to be back at work?
Why can't they make the bun the same size as the hot dog?
This one's a rowdy one Sam. Must be one of those mixed-breeds. Says she's from New Jersey––that might explain it.
Didn't you used to be in Congress?
THE BOSS SAID WE MUST KEEP UP WITH THE TIMES AND SUPERSIZE OUR WEINERS...
It's the biggest vibrator they had.
(Insert your own Costco Food Court joke here.)
Unfortunately, the two for one deal was just too much for me.
It's not what you think.
I'm afraid my dog has a fever.
This is dog gone heavy and that is without the toppings.
Dr. Wiener did you order a large hotdog?
Pardon me, but do you have a gallon of Grey Poupon?
It's for the gorilla outside the window.
Oh, we're downsizing? I thought we were super-sizing.
If Guinness doesn't bite, maybe we'll revive Ripley!
It's not what it looks like.
Frankly, I feel peckish around this time.
Who ordered a hot dog?
It's the Extra-Extra Long Hot dog
Bring your dog to work day
Do they keep a gallon of mustard in the break room?
Hold all my calls for the next 2 hours. I've got a big meeting with Frank Furter from Germany.
I found it sitting in Ted's chair the day after he asked how the sausage was made!
You asked for six foot-longs, but really it's cheaper this way.
Fred, it's 'ain't nothing but a hound dog.'
Let's see them try to downsize this!
I was actually hoping he would give me his watch when he retired, but this is fine.
First fire the translator and then find what's trending in large-breed canines.
The King Kong diet is the next big thing.
Costco now has a food truck.
Enough already... So I love my work. Give me a break.
Who are you calling 'a big weenie?'
Where do we keep the paper plates?
Don't worry--it's farm-to-table.
Yeah, an out-of-control wiener surrounded by enriched white bread. The lab folks have taken to calling it 'Donald'.
Let me guess. You finally beat Takeru Kobayashi
You know, it's rude to stare
Sorry, but it was too heavy with the sauerkraut.
You wanted lunch at our desks!
Michael Pollan is not the boss of me.
I don't mind walking the boss's hot dog, but it keeps leaking mustard on my pants.
Don't worry. It's 'nitrate-free.'
they plump when you cook them.
This is embarrassing, but my wiener hurts.
Can you direct me to the giant condiments?
I picked up lunch for the office.
Do you have any mustard Frank?
Who says I can't run with the big dogs?
It's ticking. What should we do?
Yes Peter.....didn't you read the memo.
I'm taking a stand against politically correct food.
No, it just looks like a giant hot dog.
I'm here about the over-sized mustard bottle
Surf's up dude, gonna do some hotdogging
Who knew throwing a hotdog down a hallway could be so exhausting?
Couldn't hotdog my way to the top!
No appreciable increase in mustard sales.
I like big food and I cannot lie.
Hot dog 'eating' contest. Not 'breeding.'
It's today's special.
Meet in the cafeteria. We just bought a mustard company.
Katie said she'd kill for a huge wiener.
I get paid in hot dog.
I texted my order in ALL CAPS.
Once I catch up and muster my resources I will have the career that I truly relish.
I'm here to see the fast food giant.
I'm heading home early. Boss said he didn't want to see me hotdogging it.
I saw the six-foot long deal and I couldn't resist.
Now we'll see who's the top dog in this office.
This supersizing has really gotten out of hand!
I'm retiring with a Gulden parachute.
It's more than I expected from my tax return.
Do you have any Grey Poupon?
Mind if I leave this here for a minute? I've got 4 gallons of onions and relish I have to go back for.
I asked for the deluxe.
In my last job I used to get Super Bowl tickets from my clients.
Don't ask. It's for charity.
You were right. Kobayashi is insatiable.
It was only sixty cents more.
The mustard guy is right behind me.
Nothing is the same since they had to fire the weight loss guy.
No wonder 'supersize' seemed like such a bargain.
I need 5000 cc's of spicy mustard. Stat!
They said the order was for Paul Bunyan.
I don't know how I can possibly eat this. The bun is too small.
I'm not compensating for anything!
Taking my dog out for a lunch now.
I won't be getting out to lunch this week.
This is best paired with an artisanal mustard.
'Bring your singing giant hot dog to work day' seemed like a great idea, but the subway was hell.
I'm here for the Male Insecurity Meeting.
Kosher? Let's have the Rabbi decide.
Don't worry, it's tofu. Do you have a gallon of grey poupon?
This is Ed. He's a big hero around here.
I heard it was bring your dog to work day.
You may want to reconsider super-sizing the foot long.
No. Why?
I no longer want to hide my passions.
Admit it! Mine COULD beat yours up.
I need to get a permit for this.
I heard you liked big dogs.
He's mad because I couldn't find enough mustard.
Can't get more frank than this!
Are you sure it's organic?
Has anybody seen my hot dog? I cannot seem to find it.
My doctor told me I can only have one hot dog a week.
Don't worry, it's organic.
Why are our condiments so small!
Could I have a double lunch break today?
When he said I got one free wish I didn't think he was a real Genie.
Power Lunch.
I brought my brother for counseling - he thinks he is a frankfurter on a toasted bun
My doctor said I should stop eating too many hot dogs.
Apparently, this isn't the Frankfurter precedent that we should have researched.
Cancel my meetings and hold my calls.
The food cart will be closed for a month
They were out of Jumbos, so I got a Yuge instead.
My 'Service Dog' and I are offended by your drooling every time we walk by.
yes it's gluten free
You said the Inflatable 'Happy Birthday' Singing Hot Dog Singing was a great idea except for the song royalties. Remember? Remember?
Here's Mr. Trump's codpiece. Where'd you want it?
Bob, we need to have a frank talk.
7/11 calls it 'The Trump'
Will you come downstairs and help me bring the drink up?
Let me tell ya, it's not easy having a big wiener.
I've always wanted to try a hot python.
Believe me, microwaves and G.M.O don't mix.
What?? It's Prine and I had a gift card...
It's actually six and a half, but I always claim seven.
Simmons is coming up the service elevator right now with the pallet of sauerkraut.
Pete Wells really liked this place.
What....they said it was Take Your Dog to Work Day.
Its always 'one bite at a time', Phillip.
Apparently, when the boss says, 'Help! I'm having a heart attack,' it can sound like, 'Ted, get me a giant hot dog.'
It's bring your hot dog to work day!
At least relish sales are up.
This job is the wurst.
My eyes, much like this hot dog, were bigger than my stomach.
It's inflatable AND edible!
Nathan's introduces new dog entry for Hot Dog Eating Contest.
I got a first prize.
Hold my calls for the next two hours..... I'm Bout To Dog Down Bro
what? i don't eat the bun.
Does it really look like I'm overcompensating?
Why is it always either/or? Yes, AND I'm happy to see you.
Years ago, the campaign promise was 'a chicken in every pot'.
I told you I have a huge wiener.
They disqualified me from the hotdog cook-off for 'over compensating'
Compensating for what?
One size feeds all.
Damnly, I don't give a frank.
My wife tried to slip me a viagra with dinner.
They're cheaper when you buy in bulk.
My doctor said I should only have one hot dog a day.
I appreciate the recognition, but would have preferred a gift certificate.
I'm over compensating for lunch.
Did you hear they're considering another round of layoffs?
My cubicle is too small for 'Bring Your Dog to Work' day.
It looked smaller in the display window
Big Lots had a sale.
I'll show him who can play with the big dogs!
Sometimes a man's lunch is just a man's lunch.
Would you please direct me to the condiment staging area?
Mr. Pettit here to see the doctor for something that I'm not sure is kosher.
I asked for mustard and relish!
It's not really a hot dog. It's a new suitcase design I'm working on.
My wife was very clear about my diet, 'One hotdog for lunch and no more!'
Delivery for...Lewinsky!
Frank got a little heated during the board meeting and passed out.
Yeah, but they still give you those tiny ketchup packets.
I warned Jerry from Accounting that you are what you eat
Has it been more than four hours?
Would you and Ted mind grabbing my soda?
Surf's up. I'm going to spend the afternoon hot dogging.
The lady on the second floor says mine's the longest she's ever seen.
The wideload food truck is overparked.
Don't ask, just google Nathan's Famous.
Frank, you're 'furter' ahead of the competition to being top dog!
I can bring it anywhere I want. It's a service hot dog.
Sorry, they were out of ketchup.
Do you think King Kong is a mustard or relish kind of guy?
Client or no client; next time you take The Jolly Green Giant to the ballgame.
That street vendor selling Brobdingnagian food is back.
Boss, shall I go the out of this office and advertise this company?
Hey, can you hold my calls? I'm taking a long lunch today.
Frank, that really isn't how you become the big dog in the office.
If the glove fits, you must acquit.
Could you give me a hand with the mustard packet?
There was a Groupon. I had to.
But this is a service hot dog!
I'm tired of people stealing my lunch.
Bigfoot long.
I think that's perfect for the one man submarine
It was on Chipotle's new menu.
What do you mean size doesn't matter?
Technically before I can finish it, its a cold dog.
We are here to see Colonel Mustard with his knife in the kitchen.
I'm just walking the dog.
Dude. Did you eat my surfboard?
It's called a 'cheat day'
I couldn't find a bun. This is a sleeping bag.
It's gluten free
Apparently HR decided it would be more efficient to replace all the 'Hot Dog Fridays' with 'Wiener-uary'.
Hold my calls. And the mustard.
Just to be clear, I'm not compensating!
It's a Trumpfurter.
Can you help me unload my truck? It's a value meal
If my gastroenterologist calls, tell him I'm having lunch.
They asked if I'd like to super-size my order for a buck more.
Fine then YOU tell ME the point of having a 3D Printer
Yes, it's my latest attempt at compensation.
I know, I know. I'm early
It's my new hot dog diet
You have your fantasy sports, I have mine.
This'll prove to her that my online dating profile was no exaggeration.
I'm no longer a veggie.
I got it for free if I voted for Trump.
Hello, my name is Oscar Meyer and I am here for my check-up
I'm off to see the Giants
Middle of the meeting I whip this bad boy out... at which point they forget all about my 'accounting discrepancies'.
It's harder now to sneak in undocumented interns.
He wants me to tell him what to do on his expiration date.
Find me gallon of mustard, and cancel all of my afternoon appointments.
Souvenir from the Giants game...
Do you think it has legs?
Nathan and Oscar hated it.
I HAD A BACHELOR'S PARTY LAST NIGHT AND I COULDN'T TAKE IT HOME.
I won a lifetime supply.
The bun is gluten-gree
My new year's diet allows for one indulgence per week...
Mustard? First door on your left.
I bought you some left-overs from my lunch with the 'big-food' lobby!
Joe is coming up on the freight elevator with the mustard.
We're here to see the Big Cheese.
We should not have cloned it.
'Our oversize hotdog is our annual bonus.' 'Yea no kidding'.
Isn't this bring your hot dog to work day?
Uh Chet, could you give me a hand with the mustard bottle?
It was only an extra 99 cents to super size it.
I only handle misdemeanors
I think the bonuses are smaller than last year
Some confusion with being the big wiener in PowerBall.
I was nervous about leaving it in my car.
They were out of Whoppers.
I get them from a South Dakota butcher shop just below Mount Rushmore.
I relish your ability to compensate.
Yes, I know -- I just keep dogging it.
...I mean condiment.
They got a new vending machine in the Research and Development department.
I guess you're no longer the big cheese.
We removed it from Joey Chestnut's colon.
I'll be taking a two hour lunch today.
I want to show Martha my giant wiener. You think it's kosher?
The governor's coming for a tour and we thought it would be nice to offer him a snack.
You should have seen the one that got away!
What do you mean, overcompensating?
I didn't realize they actually meant 'supersize'...
You should have seen the hamburger!
Viagra Day at the ball park.
This is why they claim to have the most expensive hot dog in town.
Being fired by a PC employer has its benefits...
Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered.
Cancel my 2, 3, 4, and 5 o'clock.
Did you happen to see a giant mustard walk by?
Get the whole office together. The new lunch cart is giving over size portions.
But it's a service dog.
You don't want to know how my weekend went...
The boss wanted a symbol for destroying our competitors.
Mind if I eat at my desk?
Frankly, I'm not all that hungry....
'Did you happen to see which way the mustard went'?
Let's brainstorm before we junk that screeching microwave.
Try looking under Furter. Meyer is just a stage name.
As you're aware, Costco is our most important account
Who ordered the Freud-furter?
I think someone's trying to send me a message.
'Just stopped by Costco for lunch'
Fake it 'til you make it, man!
This weiner never quits.
No. No. It's Run with the big dogs, not with a big dog!
I'd feel safer with a condiment.
Do you know how to switch it off vibrate?
You better ketchup on your report, Mr. Wiener or i'll have your buns fired!
I'm going vegan..... tomorrow!
My trainer said it's called the Flinstone diet.
Make sure HR don't see you with that!
Let's get this straight, I'M the top dog!
Can you top this?
Gary Foot-Long sat speechless, knowing from that day forward, Frank would be know as Frank Fathom-Long
Yes, Richard. It's a giant weiner.
I dare you to steal my lunch again, Gary.
I don't think The Boss appreciated my attempt to let him know that he's the Top Dog.
Wait, the boss wanted a big tank?
Is the retail price with or without mustard
I'm in training for the Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest.
They say you are what you eat, so this should be enough to make at least one person be in love with me.
I'm catering the reception for the Claes Oldenburg exhibit.
Don't look at me like that. The W.H.O. said I could only have two hot dogs a month.
My anaconda don't want none, unless you've got buns, hun!
take the elevator to the observation deck and ask for King Kong. I hope that you didn't forget the mustard
So, I said, 'Give me a foot long hot dog,' and she said, 'Do you want that adjusted for inflation?'
It's okay, it's vegetarian.
I'm sorry, Mr. Johnson. You cannot claim her as both a dependent and an out of town meal expense.
Do you ever feel like a walking punchline?
Who ordered the Costco lunch?
These Hebrew nationals take up so much space.
The big guy wants it with a little Dijon mustard and sweet onions.
I relished my time with the big dogs, but the hours didn't cut the mustard...I was always playing catch up.
Have you forgotten Freud from your college days?! Did you even read Freud in your college days?!
Can you help me with the mustard?
The Oscar Meyer account paid in trade.
The mayo and mustard were five dollars extra.
You can imagine my surprise when my wife told me she had seen one bigger.
It's the North Korean H-Dog. There was a mix-up in translation.
Don't act like you're not impressed.
Our merger with Giant went through.
They were out of mustard. Wanna bite?.
I thought we could share lunch and talk about what happened the other night.
I think I'm about to be grilled.
Crashed the car.
It's my mother-in-law. I didn't want to leaver her home alone.
I'm here to see Frank...
I liked it better when bribes were money.
But you ordered jumbo.
I take it you've never been to Costco?
This is big, Frank.
I know it's ridiculous, but I could have bratwurst.
They asked me if I wanted to supersize.
Since you said size matters...
I don't suppose you've got any ketchup?
Frank's gone, but I carry his memory wherever I go.
My blade is in the shop.
Would you believe I forgot the ketchup?
Special delivery for Takeru Kobayashi.
Turns out it's a vegan dog. No, thank you.
Where can I stow my Oscar Meyer hover board?
Dave, that's not what I meant when I told you to have a big lunch
Doc said to cut out the condiments..
What? It's a dog eat dog world.
Its been longer than 4 hours, call the butcher.
Yeah, 'you know where' ...
Enjoy your date this evening!
Yeah...Craig's phalloplasty got a little out of hand.
It was either this or a salad.
But we did put together an enticing early retirement incentive package.
Jesus Bill, you used to have much better etiquet than that!
They were out of tacos again.
Joe the hot dog vendor is now super sizing.
These food trucks are getting ridiculous?!?
Of course it's Kosher!
Employee of the month award at Nathan's Famous.
There's barely any calories without the garnish.
Sorry, but the flaps on the screening machine at security knocked off all the toppings.
It's just a reminder that I need to stay on a big roll to remain top dog around here.
Man, am I happy to see you!
Hey Oscar, new dog?
Yup, it's death by sodium for me. You'd better hope you don't lose that anal sex toy account Frank.
When did food trucks get to be so big?
Working late today -this is my lunch and dinner.
You're late - Mister Spurlock already left.
Sometimes a hot dog is not just a hot dog.
Hold my onions, er I mean, calls.
Mr. Kong was getting hangry.
What's our mustard budget?
It's for my dog day afternoon.
This must look weenie bad
Bob, why do you have a giant hot dog?
It's Jurassic Pork
It's WIENERSCAM! Delete your files!
I have inferiority issues, okay?
I can't believe the way this guy skimps on the mustard and relish!
The price was right.
Hold my calls Stan!…Im taking Frank out to lunch.
Pardon me, do you have any Grey Poupon?
Tell the boss I went out for a long lunch with Frank.
I'm escorting Mr. Mayer to his new office.
You mustered up the courage. Now what?
Herb, I don't think that qualifies as a therapy pet.
I hate those little mustard packets.
I just rescued him from Coney Island!
Be a good man and go help Smith with the ketchup packet
Dave sang the jingle one too many times.
My Pork Wall will keep some people out of the county
I'll need to let a little air out before it's ready to eat.
No, I don't wish I were Oscar Meyer Weiner.
I don't know what happened. He was supposed to be writing a jingle for our new client.
Do you happen to have one of those little packets of mustard?
We need a health food ad.
Quit starring a give me a hand over here
I'll be fine--it's gluten free!
This is our new employee, Frank.
Because it's lunchtime and, no, I haven't seen the Jeff Koons from the lobby.
I'm trying the Coney Island diet.
Hey Dan, do you need help with the fries?
Thought I ordered an inflatable 'red heart'. Think she'll like it anyway?
It's for the porn shoot in Studio 6.
My doctor told me that bringing my lunch would help me lose weight.
When I saw the sign that read '$24 hot dog' I thought 'Man that must be a really good hot dog if it's $24!' Turns out a $24 hot dog is just a giant, shitty hot dog.
Hold all my New Year Resolutions.
Our target demographic is Trump supporters.
Could you grab my drink out of the freight elevator?
You think Marketing will budget for upsizing?
What, it's bring your dog to work day.
GMO Department?
Have you seen my bottle of Heinz 5'7'?
We'll see who is top dog around here!
Delivery for Mrs. Godzilla.
It's the new Nathans six foot hero! Do you want a bite?
I'm looking for the Big Cheese.
I know. It's a hot dog move. But I had to try.
That new hot dog place has a buy-one-get-one-free lunch special this week.
In a really big pot!
And no, I'm not happy to see you.
No, I'm not happy to see you.
He's a certified emotional support dog.
Best I could do with our insurance.
The boss is having Joey Chesnut in for lunch.
Do you know who ordered the genetically modified wiener?
I said, 'Go get the 'Big Dog', not go get a big dog.'
Don't look at me like that. I'm not sharing.
Mr. Trump's ego wants to know if you have mustard?
Frankly, I am tired of always having to be the BIG DOG around here.
I'm going to lunch. Hold my calls for the next four hours.
There's seven left in the severance package.
Do you want this for your cubicle? I'm not a fan of Pop Art.
Sorry, forgot the mustard.
Binge watching baseball.
Turns out I was a Powerball 'WEINER', not 'winner'
I think the new guy at Oscar Meyer skipped the orientation video.
I'm answering your ad for someone who can cut the mustard.
The statue was supposed to be of Justice Frankfurter, not just a frankfurter...
I knew this bring your dog to work idea was going to backfire!
Have you seen the relish shovel?
I’m here to see Colonel Mustard...
What do you mean its a hot dog EATING contest!?
They were all out of party subs.
Got any mustard packs?
This is not the inflatable I ordered.
Got any ketchup?
Yes, it is a giant hot dog. And, yes, I am happy to see you.
Can you take my calls? I'm going to take a long lunch.
Careful the burger is right behind me.
I bought it at a food Mack truck.
It's got a meeting with the top banana.
Accidentally used the macrowave.
How much relish can you get your hands on in the next 10 minutes?
There's a huge food truck rally outside, Danny.
Tell him Big Frank is here to see him.
My shrink said it will help me build confidence.
Yes it is, and no I'm not happy to see you.
Yes, but I'm also happy to see you.
They call it the bigfoot long.
Last time they'll ask me to go fetch lunch.
That genie really didn't understand my wish.
Can you see where I can get a keg of mustard?
HR says i need to work with more relish.
Hey can you cover for me? I'm going on a very long lunch break.
Bill and Frank to see Ted.
This should finally raise the attrition rate!
No thanks; I brought my lunch today
Where's the Psychology Department?
It's from the Genetically Modified Cafe across the street
We'll see who can still cut the mustard.
Costco opened a food court.
Got a vat of sauerkraut in your drawer?
'John, don't bring that attitude in with you to the board room'.
Our office pool won the PowerDog lottery.
Must you stare at my wiener?
We prefer the term 'Giant Encased Meat'.
I'm hungry big deal.
The Sabrett cart now offers a 6' Party Size dirty-water dog.
Sorry Herb yours came without mustard again
Supersizing has gotten out of control.
The boss told me it would be a big frank discussion about my future.
It's my bonus.
We're out of mustard again.
Is there somewhere I can rest my bun?
Can you tell I packed my own lunch today?
Have you seen the condiments?
Okay! I'm a foodie . . . So what?
Remember that New Year's resolution to go vegan?
Hold all of my calls, I have something important to take care of.
I'm a me-gan.
There are potluck leftovers in the break room. Hurry.
Sorry boss, I'm just really happy to see you.
Phil brought his kid to work, so I thought that I should bring a loved one too.
It is bring your dog to work day, isn't it?
Don't worry, it's an all natural low-fat turkey dog.
Better move the desk. The mustard's coming!
It's for the big cheese.
Do we still have that really big jar of relish?
The label said to see a doctor if it's like this for more than four hours.
I don't think this severance will feed my family of seven for very long.
I wish the wholesale club wasn't the only place around here for lunch.
it's a really big project,, I will be here for awhile,
Thanks to that mindfulness crap the CEO has been pushing, Paula just became one with everything.
Tell me again, what does G.M.O. stand for?
It's my service dog for emotional support
Just got back from Costco
we get it...you're the big dog.
If anyone calls, I'll be on lunch break for the rest of the day.
It's growing faster than normal
My New Year's resolution is to be a vegetarian and this eight foot hotdog in my office isn't helping.
The bigger the better. Right?
Bad gas mileage. Hidden calories. We at Oscar Mayer can do better.
This year's bonus is large yet not what I expected
The guys at the lab called it a happy accident.
If you think this is big you should see the pushcart it came from...
Here - they had a twofer.
Because escorting them out as rolled up carpets was getting to obvious.
This is for the potluck
I think the Sharks will love your Weiner Board.
I have a 10 o'clock with Colonel Mustard
This company can't get much wurst.
I want to invoke don't ask, don't tell.
You requested Top Dog access?
Due to the high sodium, I'm only allowed one hot dog a month.
The team from Frankfurt is in the office today.
Costco for lunch was a bad idea.
It's corporate's answer to those Japanese hot dogs flooding the market
At least when they say, 'There's not enough mustard on that hot dog.', I won't take it personally.
What do I do? It’s been like this for over 4 hours!
I need mustard... a lot of mustard.
Got two buckets of mustard and relish in the service elevator. You up for lunch?
do you have a condom?
I've Got the Whole World in My Hands...
Well the large was just a nickel more!
Frankfurter. It's a Frankfurter, and no I don't need any ketchup.
Kobayashi is mine.
It's a Jeff Koons piece for the conference room. Could you get the door?
Doctor said I should only eat 1 hotdog a month.
You were wrong. The boss wanted mustard.
yeah, uh, special delivery for Governor Christie? that dude's, like, hella fat lmao
I told you I had a big Weiner!
Did you leave something in the macrowave?
Did you want chips?
Meet Frank, the new intern.
My finger s-s-tuck on th-th-the upsize me b-b-button.
It was only in the microwave for a minute.
Coney Island
Gulliver's hungry again.
Any idea where I could get 50 little packets of mustard?
Who ordered Chicago style?
Let's face it George, the only way you're going to make it is if you let go of the junk food!
It's for surfing in Chili.
Joey Chestnut left his lunch in the pantry again.
So, been to the State Fair again?
This is for the boss from a guy named Oldenburg.
I'll need help with the mustard.
Morning, Frank!
They're in a meeting with that kid, you know, the pop star, and they thought this would be funny.
My wife says no more than one hotdog per day.
The boss asked me to put the big dogs on this project.
Is the big guy in?
At least the books were cooked in a kosher kitchen.
If she asks if you want your bonus or what's behind door two, take the bonus.
...on top of that, they were out of mustard
Want this? It was buy one, get one free.
The wife's on a trip so I figure this'll last me a few days.
How's this for a background prop for our new ED medication?
It's been four hours, so I'm going to see my doctor.
They said I should see him right away if this lasted more than four hours.
I actually love this gluten free diet.
The chicken wings are coming up the supply elevator.
You can't miss this food truck.
Apparently whole beef means the entire cow.
My new diet only allows one hotdog a month, so I have to make it count!
He gave me that look. He needs to go out.
The next presidential candidate?
What??!! It's tofu.
Before you judge me, its turkey and I skipped the fixins.
Help me! He's got a bottle of ketchup in his office!
You should see the vendor cart!
Here's the self-mustarding Hot Dog from R&D.
For the office party tonight please order several jars of mustard.
I'm in training for the Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Whatever you're thinking, don't say it.
Well, it didn't look so big at Costco.
We finally received payment for the 'conscious uncoupling' case.
We're changing our entire approach to the smallgoods market
I'm taking my lunch break. I'll be back sometime in the late Spring.
Don't worry, it's low fat.
Dose anyone have Anthony's'forwarding address?
Do you know anything about nitrates?
All she said was 'There's a Frank in the lobby for you.'!
I'll be in the lunch room for the rest of the week.
Yes, I know it's big, but I set the hot dog on 'silent mode' so it shouldn't disrupt any meetings.
Honestly Bill, until this exact moment I don't think I truly realized the far-reaching implications of genetically engineering dinosaurs.
I'll be dining at my desk today, Fred.
It's GMO.
It's a jumbo hot-dog from Costco.
Joey Chestnut's here for a lunch meeting.
I've been Super-Sized.
It was a simple request: Order six footlong hotdogs.
I get one every time I take a client out to lunch. It just shows up as 'hotdog' on the corporate card, and I get leftovers for a month.
Texas is our first test market
I thought it was 'bring your dog to work day'?
I am what I eat.
Would you happen to know if we have a two-gallon jar of mustard in the pantry?
Don't bother. I'm already on my way to HR.
I ordered a hot dog with a large shake.
Do you have any Sabrett sauce?
Andouille! Yumm.
If it doesn't fit on my desk, I can't eat at my desk.
The Jolly Green Giant said he is sick of corn for lunch
We're gonna need to review our quarterly condiment budget, ASAP.
I'm sorry. It's the longest bun they had.
I have three hundred bottles of ketchup about to go bad.
Homework assignment from my shrink!
Frankenstein's just opened.
I quit. Get your own mustard.
no you can't just add wheels and expect it to transport you around town!
For the CEO. Lunch to match his bonus.
'used to be called 'jumbo', but now it's a 'hot dog of size''.
Men really are much more frank when it comes to asking for raises.
Isn't it bring your dog to work week.
Bob, what did I tell you about hot-dogging it at work?
Oh, I thought they called you The Big Dog because of your sexual prowess.
It's the Bigfoot-long.
I was told millennials respond better to irony.
The Costco food truck's outside.
You may want to try the new hot dog stand.
Making America Great Again
It's for a team building event
Its my new 'paleo til you drop' diet.
Supersizing has gotten out of hand.
Who took the mustard out of the break room?
How do I ask if you want to share this without making us both feel uncomfortable?
Okay fine, Phil, it wasn't sexual harassment. But please stop talking about your giant wiener at meetings.
am not!
It's Oscar Mayer's birthday upstairs.
Help me bring in the soda.
Don't ask. You're better off not knowing.
Do you think it's too subtle?
It was a Chicago dog until I was forced to take the stairs.
The boss said he´d like to get his hands around the biggest set of buns I could find.
Join me for a drink at five?
Sitting all day isn't going to be the only thing that's bad for me.
Corporate's getting creative with bonuses this year.
So, what the email actually said was, 'We need new ideas for the next big, hot blog.'
It's from Costco.
My doctor told me to limit myself to one per day.
What email?
It's my turn to conduct this month's sexual harassment seminar.
I have over 1000 relish packets at my desk.
For the staff luncheon, I saved $90 by getting this instead of deli sandwiches.
I accidentally hit the 'enlarge' button on our new 3-D printer!
Lunchtime! But first, let me take a selfie.
I was at the Elton John Concert last night. After Rocket Man he sang, You're so Vain, you probably think the song is about you.
Pardon me, but do you have any Grey Poupon?
Tell him it's O-S-C-A-R
This isn’t what she was asking for at all.
I quit.
My vegan diet starts tomorrow.
I have a big lunch date.
This is NOT 'Take your hot dog to work day!'
'The guys down at 'Joe's Wiener World' were kind enough to donate this baby to the annual 'Ants Make-a-Wish Picnic Foundation''.
Sir, I believe that you may have lost this in your web history.
We're going to need more mustard.
My wife made me lunch for the week.
Frank, meet Frank
Boss said, 'Power lunch with the big dogs!'
I commute from Coney Island.
If anyone calls, I'll be in my office eating lunch for the next three weeks.
This is 'bring your dog to work day' right?
Meet the successor to the Big Mac.
No, the casing is not natural!
I'm hiding this Coney Island Hot Dog. With President Cruz's pogrom against New York Values........
We can finally use up that Costco jar of mustard in the fridge.
What do mean 'we're out of mustard'?
I have to make a second trip for the ketchup bottle but believe me, it's worth it.
I won the big dog prize for top salesman.
Size actually DOES matter
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Is there mustard in the break room?
Jane said I had nice buns. I want to file an harassment suit.
'Can I Be 'Frank with You?''
I didn't realize the CFO said we need to be a 'BIT LEANER' in 2016..
Forgot my mustard, again!!
I know, but I couldn't fit the hamburger in the minivan.
Nice Buns.
You should see the cart.
This is what Charlie's Take-out delivered. It appears all of us ordered the same thing for lunch.
my wiener had an early morning appointment
It was either this or a cup of bone broth.
I won the big weenie award.
I told Santa 'bod.'
The boss told me to think large.
Herr Frankfurter to see the Doktor.
You know a better way to be long in the beef market?
I don't judge your midlife crisis.
I'll just go ahead and put this in the conference room.
Fortunately, this is a pretty big hallway.
I see the food trucks have outdone themselves again !!
Don't worry, it's gluten-free
This lunch board meeting is expected to go long.
Think Sally will get this subtle hint?
Can you and Bob go downstairs and bring up my Coke?
Just found out you could supersize your food order at COSTCO,
Got mustard?
It's healthier because cavemen ate it.
Just had lunch with a big client.
I must have misheard. I thought it was Bring Your Hot Dog to Work Day.
They forgot the chili and onions...
I brought Frank to the meeting
Is there a large microwave somewhere in the building?
To Hell with 'Portion Control'
Jenkins... Hold my calls.
How do you think my weekend went, Bill?
I had ordered a philly cheesesteak..
Deliver to a Mr Kong, they said, top of 350 5th Avenue!
Did you see who took my gallon of mustard?
Put that experiment under 'maybe'.
The boss is really relishing this.
I'm sorry, I had the wurst afternoon.
Pardon me, would you happen to have an extra gallon of Grey Poupon.
On his desk was a letter that said 'You may already be a wiener.'
I'll get the mustard packet on the second trip.
A new study—nitrates prevent ulcers.
I'm taking Frank out for a coffee.
Isn't this you taking the comment, 'He is such a hot dog', a little far!
Tell Mr. Trump his lunch is here.
The clients want to see how the sausage gets made.
Sorry, I should’ve asked if you wanted one too.
I'm just gonna pop this in the Macrowave.
Does my bun look big in this?
No! I'm not compensating for anything Frank.
You can bring the wifi-hotdog as close as you want, but my internet is still lousy.
Delivery for Mr Trump, as ordered, the bite size lunch deal.
I'm here to see the Big Cheese.
This was the best option for the ten year anniversary gift.
He's in hot water with the boss again for acting like a brat
It's the latest sex toy, the hot dog vibrator. Do we add it to the Amazon Prime Now list?
Do you want this? I just remembered I'm gluten intolerant.
That's what she said.
That new Pfizer Cafeteria downstairs finally opened for business.
He thought I said frankfurther.
What? I got it from the food monster truck.
Here, are you still a supersize denier?
You have a nice weekend?
Hey, some men just have big dreams!
That's the last time I skip the personal interview for a new employee.
What? Mr. Hinckley asked me to get him 'The Big Dog.'
It's my Helper Dog.
Do I look like a teeny, weeny, wiener whiner?
They told me it was only 50 cents more to upgrade the size of my meal.
I swear it's paleo.
I want to show the boss that bigger isn't always better.
It was bring your hotdog to work day, and David was thrilled.
Andrew was called into the meeting, but prayed for the Wurst.
I'm not going to relish this.
Don't be so judgmental Richard—size isn't everything.
I'm fired, Phil! I told you she wouldn't appreciate the prank.
May I borrow a quart of mustard?
Haven't you heard? It's National Take Your Weiner to Work Day.
Can I get the key to the ketchup closet?
HOT DOG!!!!
We have to stop letting Oscar order lunch.
You should have seen the cart.
I'm hoping the government bails me out of this diet.
He shakes when he's nervous.
Don't tell me how to do my job, Greg.
I'm just showing the boss that I actually bear no resemblance to a Big Wiener.
That new Meyer account has me dogged down with work.
Tell the boss it's not a wrap.
Congrats on the promotion, Nathan.
Could you get the condiments?
You're top dog, all right.
Now look, I'm going to have to be really frank with you.
Can you throw it over your shoulder like a continental soldier?
I told the boss this is our answer to the 50 piece family bucket of fried chicken.
I think the boss meant he wanted you to recruit someone who loves attention.
The elevator is out and I had to walk the six flight up. I am dog tired.
Dave just called, i'm expecting the Wurst.
The taxidermist wanted to mount it on a stick
Yep, his third wish to the Genie: 'Make me a hot shot.'
Do you think I can get this past HR?
Just let him know the Big Dog is here to see him.
I thought we weren't testing Viagra on the food.
I'm going to lunch, I'll be back tomorrow.
Anthony's weiner.
My cubicle row just went vegan.
...Joe needed the wheelbarrow for the french-fries.
I found this in the hallway.
Hold my calls, bring the mustard.
Do you have the manual for the 3D printer somewhere?
Can't his ID tag just read, 'Frank?'
what, no mustard?
Don't ask them to super size it.
I can tell you exactly what I am compensating for.
I forget, which candidate said he had a 'huge' appetite?
I skipped out on breakfast this morning, so I'm going to have a big lunch.
People in the elevator can be so cruel Stanley, so very cruel!
Great insider tip on pork futures, Jeff...
Now you see why I had $6000 for hot dogs on my expense voucher.
Why couldn't she have just come out and said 'try the little blue pill?'
Frank, what is the best way to get to Coney Island?
My employee award. Biggest wiener of the year.......
That genie is a moron.
Excuse me, where is the employee cafeteria?
I still can't figure out what the different sizes mean for Starbucks hot dogs.
Don't tell my wife Dan. It's not Kosher.
1) It's not what you think it is.... 2) Do you happen to have any mustard?
Bad choice for the tea party, I guess?
Wait until you see the size of the food truck!
If you need one, I have seven more of these buns at home.
HOT DOG COMIN' THROUGH...
Your 'carry a big stick' notion has gone too far!
Just $5?
I'm sick of those cute little pigs in a blanket!!
Isn't it take-your-dog-to-work day?
Once again, it's the annual harassment and innuendo in the workplace litmus test.
He ain't heavy, he's my hot dog...
Euh Frank? It's not bring your VICE to work day it's bring your WIFE to work day.
So what if I like my hot dog plain?
Good thing we've been preparing for the wurst case scenario.
It's National Bring Your Dog to Work Day today.
I'm taking the dog out
Doctor said I'm not getting enough nitrates.
They said I can't bring my lunch into Sensitivity Training.
I'm here to apply for the dog walker position.
Here's the Ball Park figure.
Just bringing my lunch for the week...
It barely fit in the Subaru.
The dog days of...winter?
Maybe GMO hotdogs aren't such as good idea...
...Tired and hungry, i'm gonna dog it today.
It's a boy!
You've called me 'The Office Weiner' for the last time Tom.
'My mistake. I ordered six foot-long hot dogs.
I'm going to lunch Kevin.
I'll be taking a long lunch.
What does it look like? It's a giant wiener.
Believe it or not it's only 60 Calories.
It's bring your wiener to work day.
Doctor's orders. More exercise. Less junk food.
Well, they were out of doggie bags.
I'm a recovering vegan.
I told you I had the biggest wiener in the office-had to pull it out and show everyone.
I specifically asked for a whole-wheat bun!
No, I won't take a seat. Can't you see I'm with Big Dog over here?
Something's wrong with the microwave.
I really regret showing you how to Instagram your lunch.
It's not easy being TOP DOG in this firm!
Management said I need more scalable ideas
Let me be frank. Very frank.
I'll be frank. Oscar had me bring it down. It's your severance package.
I got it at Costco.
Anthony is NOT going to take this well.
They were all out of jumbo buns
Don't use the nuclear microwave.
Sorry, they only had whole wheat buns.
Stockholders' meeting. Bad year. You're missing nothing.
It's for the compensation manager.
Sabrett's IS bigger.
This is Bloomberg's fault.
He let everyone know, he's a hot dog.
These online orders never get the size right.
I'm going to help make America Great Again!
My doctor said limit these to one a year, so I'm making the best of it.
Twenty years with Oscar Mayer and THIS is my severance package!
I don't plan on coming out of my office until the World Series is over.
After all the trouble to get this, I forgot to ask if it was kosher.
That looks like a Hot Dog!
We're gonna need a bigger bun.
It's for my hamster.
I see the lab has been playing around with genetic modification again.
They always order extra longs.....
You won't believe the pickle I got myself in today.
Where do you want this?
Frank, you're such a BIG weenie!
And the next thing I knew I was hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit
Mr Mayer, there really are easier ways for me to remember your name.
I'm a stress eater.
You said you wanted a big weiner.
I just really need to catch up.
HUMAN RESOURCES WOULDN'T TOUCH IT! WHY? NOT ENOUGH MUSTARD OR CABBAGE,REMEMBER THIS IS NEW YORK CITY,NOT LONDON OR PARIS….
Let's show Elon Musk and SpaceX what their competitors have been up to.
His name is O S C A R...
I'm having the wurst day!
I couldn't pass up the special of the day.
I think I should buy a big truck instead.
Really? The first thing that comes to mind is 'is it kosher?'
Goliath forgot his lunch in my car.
It's lasted more than four hours.
Yes. This is a giant hotdog. And yes. I am happy to see you.
Walking the dog ain't what it used to be.
This newly designed rocket is 100% biodegradable, so no more worries about debris ingestion by marine organisms after launch.
How do you like my new golf bag?
We can't afford rats anymore, so I've been chosen to work on the nitrates study.
Thanks to President Trump, hot dogs are great again.
Who said there's no big dogs around here?
Bob from Corporate said they wanted to recognize me for having the longest lunch ever.
This will keep me from being the biggest wiener in the room!
They balance the office gym with the lunch menu.
It grows every time I try to make a sale.
I'm prepared, the last game lasted 14 innings.
'It's a Claes Oldenberg, worth at least a million'.
They said it was 'Bring your hotdog to work' day.
There's a new hotdog vendor right downstairs. I super-sized.
It's okay, he's a service dog.
I told you mine was bigger.
Hopefully no one will steal it out of the office fridge.
I'm a big weiner.
Mr. Ttrump's lunch is here.
.....Hot Dog?...but...How?....Where?...Nevermind, I don't even want to know. It's time to find a new job.
'How's the diet going'?
You wouldn't happen to have seen a thousand pound bottle of mustard, would you?
I understand you're new to accounting, but that's your best ballpark figure?
Hey, sometimes a large hot dog is just a large hotdog!
Can you help me with the sauerkraut?
Donald likes them HUGE!
Sorry. It looks like we don't have any openings with Dr. Freud until next mouth. Month
Is that Frank Furter's file?
This is your trophy, the staff voted you 'Weiner of the Year'.
Can you tell Mr. Heinz that Oscar Meyer is here to see him?
I can barely hold in my lunch.
Somebody threw a little blue pill in the microwave.
Quick! How do I tell if there's gluten?
Bigger is always better, this is New York
Forget the size, it's just not kosher.
I told ya it wasn't small.
What? It's my companion dog.
Too obvious?
I swear... It's not what it looks like.
Going to the potluck?
I know you don't want people stealing the restroom key, but this is getting a bit ridiculous.
I left the ketchup in the kitchen.
I got it at a Giants game.'
Suddenly Bob felt a tinge of hotdog envy
You should have seen the size of the pretzel.
My diet starts on Monday.
Check the radiation levels on the microwave
Delivery for Mr. Met.
It's a gag gift for Huma Abedin.
I'm about to break every resolution.
There were no more knishes.
Don't you think it's about time Congress takes a closer look at genetically modified foods?
Don't bring your wish to me.
1.50 at Costco. Plus you get a drink
Delivery for Frank N. Cense.
Nathan needs help moving.
New chair, the wife insisted. You know, they say sitting is the new smoking.
My wife says I have compensation issues.
Well the boss said there is no bigger hotdog @ work than me, so I will show him!
It's one of those Japanese love wieners.
I knew we would be downsized.
I just threw down five bucks at Costco.
Hillary's not the only one to get schlonged.
I'm afraid my eyes were bigger than my stomach.
I’m hoping for the best, but expecting the wurst.
Does this make me look fat?
He's my best friend.
It's my example of dogged determination
i don't think thats what the boss meant by 'the dog days of summer'
So how was the Giants game?
In my comments to the Board, I thought I'd demonstrate the economics of deflationary monetary policies are counterintuitive.
I'm trying to be the bigger man here.
My wif just told me I was a dinosaur...
What? You think I relish this??
I'm eating lunch at my conference table today.
I know it was you. Meet 'Frank'. Satisfied now!
It's not a phallic symbol if I'm going to eat it, Todd.
Of course it's a service dog.
It is the size of the dog in the fight after all.
Anna at Conde don't want none unless it got buns, Hun.
I was told this was a dog-friendly workplace.
Excuse me sir, do you happen to have any Grey Poupon?
Hold my calls.
I bought it at Costco.
Well, I KNOW it's no picnic working here.
At least now we're prepared to work through the weekend.
Tell him it's Frank
Big Frank is working the 3-D printer again.
This may or may not be a human body.
What kind of fish is that? I mean do you have I.D.?
It's Raining Sausages.
dodger dogs are getting crazy these days!
Tell me again how much you relish working here.
Oh, you said MEET at 11:00.
Jenkins...I want you to take over the Oscar Mayer Wiener account
This is Michael, my therapy dog.
Go ahead....guess how many chicken lips are in this baby.
Don't worry.......it's a tofu dog.
Can I expense this?
What floor is relish on?
You should have seen the size of their shawarma's.
It doubles as a surfboard.
This year's bonus is based on our names, apparently!
I told him, but he said 'I'm gunna eat one more anyway'. The next thing I know Frank looked like this!
Hey, help me bring in the mustard, will yuh?
I'd like to file a complaint with HR.
YAAASS! SLEIGH KWEEN! YASSSSSSSSS!!!!
Got my check up today. Lets see if I can fool him this time.
I'm allergic to small portions.
I forgot to look. Do we have any mustard here?
So I guess the I.T. staff is taking a long lunch break again.
It's a heavy-protein diet.
I heard that hot dogs are next on Bloomberg's list, after sodas.
One lump...or two?
It's Frank. He's having another nitrate episode.
Just doing what I was told! He said 'Make sure I eat a hotdog in Iowa! It'll be YUGE!'
Didn't I tell you to expect the wurst?
We also have an eggplant big enough to eat Chicago.
Bragger
You should have seen what they gave to the guy who won!
Mary says I'm overcompensating. But hey, maybe I just LIKE hot dogs.
Is this the mustard department?
Is this the compensation department?
Six foot-longs, I said.
Where would you like the statue of Mr. Trump?
We've gone soft.
I'm ready for an extra inning ballgame.
We're not even in the right ballpark.
I'll be at the stadium for the rest of the day
What? Doc said a hot dog every once in a while wouldn't kill me.
Hey I got something to tell you... You're a Wiener.
That story about the Weiner Whistle... it's true, all of it... except the Kosher part.
If anyone calls, I am at lunch...for the rest of the day.
It was just 49 cents more.
Can you believe they were out of mustard!
The wife and I are playing 'hide the salami' tonight, but the deli was closed.
No wiener jokes!
The delivery charge was ridiculous.
Lunch is the only thing our firm isn't downsizing.
Why can't the hot dog people and the hot dog bun people agree on a standard super size?
My mistake was saying yes to the super-sizing.
If it remains like that for more than four hours, I'll call police.
Do you think it will make America great again?
Over-eaters Anonymous meeting in the break room at noon...
Six Footlongs, 6-feet long, what's the difference?
Wait a minute, you're saying he only hires 'winners?'
I told you Donald was a winnie.
HGH: Hotdog Growth Hormone.
It's a trickle-down effect from steroids in baseball.
Stop judging! It's low fat!
Frankly, I don't relish the big wiener comments.
I'm going to let YOU relish this.
Sorry, they were out of of the extra long ones.
You want something when I go back out for mustard and napkins?
I hear the new boss is a big eater!
Viagra account again?
I always knew you were a hotdog
I'll bring the sauerkraut next trip.
Groupon.
I understand you're looking to replace the Big Enchilada.
Guess what my wife is giving up for Lent?
It's all about making America great again!
This is an uncomfortable question, but do you have 36 D-batteries?
Don't look at me like that; it's all organic.
Thank goodness I didn't order the Jumbo dog.
It’s gotta go. New CEO says there’s no room for two top dogs at the company.
Sorry, the supervisor's position has already been filled.
I'm lost Frank. Lost and alone.
The Enlargement Ray Consortium has bumped up phase 4 testing in spite of the continuing problem of molecular instability. I consulted with the atomic research division and they have assured me that we should experience no adverse affects.
It is well known that Cialis can have some side effects.
Phil, I need you to cover for me while I'm on break. I need some time alone with my dog.
When did they clean out the ketchup drawer?
It's how I got my nickname.
This is my 'Comfort Dog' and it goes everywhere I go.
Writing a Donald Trump piece for the editorial. Using this for inspiration.
These new vegan dogs are HUGE.
I'm just here to catsup on some work.
He said I was qualified, but the department was already a sausage fest...
It's bring your dog to work week.
They've raised prices in the cafeteria again.
I answer to a larger, higher authority.
Davidson, you need to get out of this office. There's a great big world out there!
The top dog had to walk when he didn't cut the mustard.
He thought I asked for a furlong.
The boss says I don't have enough on my plate.
You mustard misheard me--I wanted a giant hamburger.
Did a large doughnut just go by here?
Did you get your bonus yet?
Frank fainted as soon as he met the new grill down the hall.
I really should have been more specific with that genie.
It's hard to find gluten free buns in this town.
Another wish granted.
You always said you wanted to be the 'big dog' around here.
Paleo? Heck no. I dropped that months back.
my wife told me i have a big appetite but im just having a hot dog today
You can only eat giant hot dogs, but you can have as many as you want!
Don't you dare say 'hot dignity dog.'
Yes, it is very heavy.
Pardon me, would you have five jars of Grey Poupon?
Bob, do you know where I can find a barrel of mustard?
The All-you-can-eat for Mr. Trump.
Size matters.
Be careful out there. They’ve redefined ‘Regular’ again.
It's in lieu of flowers. I'm in Freudian analysis.
I you must know, I skipped breakfast.
'The boss said he wants to meet the Big Dog'.
Can you help me carry in the condiments?
Next time he runs, hit him with relish.
Is it too big cause there's a discount if you get this one and a small one
What part of big buns do you not understand?
It's the new i-dog plus.
No, Bob, I'm not happy to see you.
We've run out of mustard again!
Wife shopped at Costco again?
It's like an episode of CSI out there. I dropped the ketchup
Any objections?
It's that damn generic Viagra
Your cheeseburger is on the loading dock.
Nice surfboard, Frank.
I just love that 3-D printer.
Boss said he wants to see the big dog from sales.
Your mustard ad tanked - now it's my turn. Put it on and get out on the corner.
The boss said we needed to mustard up more business
My boss did tell me my bonus would be big
Your knish is stuck in the elevator.
Welcome to the Mayo Clinic, how may I help you?
It's supposed to combine the most effective parts of the Joey Chestnut and Roald Dahl diets. We'll see if it sticks though.
I allow myself one cheat day a week.
Do you think the boss would want this for our Fourth of July picnic?
Boss is practicing for the National Hot Dog Championship.
Brought lunch for the big guy.
I found it wandering out in the park without a relish.
Turns out that JFK speech doesn't really work in Frankfurt.
He needs a lot of exercise.
Got my lunch from the boys in R&D.
My wife decided I should start bringing my lunch to work - a year at a time.
Got it at the Trump rally. Everything was huge.
Sorry, the BOGO offer ended yesterday.
Supersized is back!
This is for the 'hot dog' in the back office!
I'll trade you for your brontosaurus burger
Yeah, it is impressive, but you should'a seen the cart!
Guess they were out of brontosaurus burgers
We'll see whose big dog around here!
It's the new Subway 6-foot party wiener!
When you see a guy with a wheelbarrow of sauerkraut, send him right in.
Don't worry, it's a service dog.
I'm expecting a visit from Takeru Kobayashi
It can't be the Fourth of July already?
It is not exactly the 'really big bonus' I was expecting.
Seriously Brian, he's just happy to see me.
Since the team won the world series, this is the only size they have on sale at the stadium.
I'm off to see a guy about a barrel of relish.
When you said to get a hot dog to go, I thought you said to get a hot dog from Costco.
Don't worry, we've been cleared by Security
Hey Mike, you got any of those little packets of mustard?
Looks like lunch is on me.
Hurry, there's leftover muffins, bagels, and giant hot dogs in the conference room.
'So I was thinking that I would throw this hotdog down the hallway... Any objections'?
Did a guy with a 30 gallon barrel of mustard come by here earlier?
We need to get the microwave looked at. The 'NUKE' setting's going mutant again.
Call Janitorial for a mop. Lester got his with chili.
We're in luck, the food trucks are having a food war.
It's a spin on the 6-ft sub
I'm here for the identity crisis session. Last name Furter.
Johnson, may I be frank with you?
Don't worry, it's kosher.
Don't worry, the bun is gluten-free.
I'm joining the Google car focus group.
Board meeting, Ken, your turn for the mustard!
he is expecting me
Your soft pretzel's in the freight elevator.
Did we order six footlongs, or a six-foot-long?
I complained to the wife that she doesn't pack a big enough lunch
The letter said I might already be a wiener.
They called me a 'show off' and fired me!
You call this a bonus?!
I know. I should have gotten a burger.
Could you give me a hand downstairs? I couldn't get my fries into the elevator.
Costco. $1.50. Could you help bring in the drink?
The doctor said if it lasted more than four hours to give him a call.
We have to answer to an even higher authority.
I missed breakfast!
Go ahead! Get is all out.
You wouldn't have any mustard would you?
Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon?
Can you give us a hand? The condiments are stuck in the elevator.
Hold my calls. I'll be playing ketchup for the rest of the day.
I’m only interested in original weiner jokes.
Overcompensating
Can I use your mustard in the fridge?
Sir, as I told you on the phone, the vets here only see living, animal dogs. I doubt they'll be able to tell you what's wrong with your giant hot dog.
Happy birthday, Frank.
Miss Jones said she was accustomed to a foot long and I wanted to make an impression.
Need relish with that?
John, what did you do with my Oscar Meyer wiener whistle?!?!?
Yeah, well, I ordered six foot-long hot dogs. We're just going to have to share.
This won't cut the mustard.
Come on, hurry...Joey Chestnut is in the lobby!
Going to the Giants game.
I was really craving a dirty dog.
Don't be late for the team building exercise.
Bring Your Dog to Work Day is NEXT Tuesday!?
I thought we'd eat in today.
After the boss encouraged us to eat lunch at our desk, do you think this will persuade him to give me a larger desk?
Does our insurance cover lunch?
There's no point getting condiments since they always slide off in the elevator.
He sang that jingle one too many times.
It's part of the fiscal stimulus game.
Gary's stuck in the relish!
I'm here to have my buns enlarged.
We just landed the Hebrew national account!
Let me know when the mustard jar gets here .
It's time we beefed up the staff.
I'm overcompensating for breakfast.
After 40 freaking years of devoted service I really expected a gold watch.
Hi, I've got a huge double entendre for a Mr Peabody?
I know I am late, but I was hot dogging it all the way in.
Hey, sometimes a big, ole, seven foot long hot dog is just a big, ole, seven foot long phallic symbol.
This was the smallest they had .
They replaced the cart with a Costco.
Don't look at me like that! What, you've never seen a left handed mouse before?
So, this won't pair with the onion router?
Sorry I'm late. Had to walk my dog.
The break room is out of catsup.
It's that new place on 6th, called, 'Eatcha' heart out, Nathans'?
Would you have a quart of Grey Poupon?
So the chili cook-off is next Thursday?
1)Alright maybe it's not a clear case of sexual harassment, but why do you need to bring it to work? 2) impressive, yes, but you need to stop asking everyone if they want to see it. 3)I thought you were exaggerating .
I need attention
Hey bro which way to your mom's house?
I'm tuning a new leaf and trying to be frank with everyone.
The Donald people called requesting that this replace the elephant in their campaign signage forward.
He said 'HUGE'!
If you stick dirty water dogs in water they grow.
The big guy decided to eat at his desk today.
We're expecting Godzilla for lunch.
Can you help me with the fries?
Is Colonel Mustard still in the Library?
It comes free with every Big Gulp.
Looks big, yet only has 14% of my daily protein.
Bernie Sanders wants us to embrace the wiener of our discontent
I couldn't carry the mustard you wanted.
It's the PowerDog - nobody ate it again this week!
A meter-long apparently is not the same as a foot-long.
What? I skipped breakfast!
Tell accounting we figured out what to do with the surplus pig anuses.
I need to see the big cheese!
I told you GMO tinkering would lead to this.
I think our technology has exceeded our humanity.
It would be interesting to know who ordered this, given the fact that no woman work in this office.
What? It's a comfort dog.
You have your Second Amendment and I have My Appendage
I'm going to sue for sexual harassment. The women in marketing are making fun of my wiener.
It's from the Trump campaign. They say it's huge.
Smith, do you happen to have a couple pints of mustard?
CostCo sample.
its for that cam newton promotion
Bun's wavy, dude. Chili on this is gonna be gnarly. Hang ten, suit!
Something tells me that you didn't get the point about the office 'Dog daycare'.
I couldn't find a woman who would dance out of a cake.
It's not for me, it's for a militia in Oregon.
Don't give me that look. It's not as if this is your first Bring Your Hotdog to Work Day.
Do you want mustard on it?
They ran out of foot long hot dogs.
This super sizeing fad is killing my back.
The mustard and relish are being brought up on the service elevator.
You're right, my power lunches have become ridiculous.
It's grass fed organic beef.
After this, I'll go vegan.
Hold my calls. I have a meeting with Death.
I found this growing in the fridge.
The men's room?
Why can I never find the right sized buns?
Next benchmark, I get ketchup.
If you don't stop staring at my buns i'm going to HR.
My wife says I'm trying to compensate for something.
There's a double-header today.
Sorry I could never get it right. You wanted a small coffee and a large weiner?
Ay, Yah, get your red hots, two for a buck!
I knew I shouldn't have ordered the super deluxe jumbo combo meal.
Costco lunch again.
You should see the fries and the pickle that came with it.
Mustard's the problem
Let's be frank with eachother...
They don't call me 'The Big Dog' around here for nothing.
Is this a violation of the employee handbook?
Costco...$1.65
Bigger IS better.
Chew toys never last.
When I amortized it out over twelve months it just made sense.
I see you went to the giant's game!
Tell Mr. Meyer we've finally done it!
The memo said it was 'bring your dog to work day'.
He wants his wheels and little man back.
Is the 'big' boss in?
But Sir, They were out of Big Macs.
What? I ordered a diet soda.
They said I was too much of a hot dog.
I'm on a strict diet, only one hot dog a week.
You think we're working too much?
Advertising turned down 'Frankenfurter'.
Lunch is the wurst!
I would like to file a Sexual Harassment claim.
I'm late for this meeting, I need to... ketchup!
I meant to say 'six foot longs.'
They’re harassing me with innuendos.
It's a special surfboard for us hotdoggers.
I'll need some help when I go back for the papaya.
He said I had to walk his dog.
Found this on the Xerox machine.
Sorry, no 2-for-1 today.
It's called food porn.
It's an emotional support hot dog.
It's been like this over 4 hours! Is the doctor in?
Just cleaning out Anthony's office.
You mind if I use your bathroom?
Sorry...no seats at Costco
Oscar's requesting family leave till the current brouhaha is over.
I don't know about where you used to work, but lunch here is largely symbolic.
We'll see who's top dog now!
I'm going off my diet.
I picked it up at Giants Stadium.
He gets anxious if I leave him alone at home too long!
A minor mishap at the wiener factory, which Carl decided to relish.
The container said no GMOs.
I'm afraid I don't understand your innuendo.
Why would I have a gallon of mustard?
It's ok, the WHO says you can have one hot dog a month.
Good morning, Frank.
Wait till you see the condiments he wants.
Matt decides to play the 'doggie air guitar' for a colleague.
This is my therapy dog. His name is Frank.
The office of the former NY Congressman is the second door on the left, right next door to the ladies room.
I'm stuffed but I won the contest!
Get ready ... the big boss is in town.
Oh, you don't? Maybe that's why your desk is in the hallway, Jeff.
I see you're running with the big dogs now!
There's a new GMO vendor in the lobby.
The Jurassic Period gives us much to admire.
How many ketchup packets do you have in your drawer?
Dog friendly workplace my ass!
They ran out of mustard, onions and relish.
Working for a giant corporation really sucks!
Sorry, they ran out of mustard.
Have you seen a ketchup bottle walking around?
Some PR jerk sent it over without mustard.
I'm be in the vomitorium.
Is Colonel Mustard in the library?
Sometimes a hot dog is just a hot dog.
Sorry I'm late, the wheels fell off
I passed mustard instead of muster so I'm the new wienermobile.
The chief said he wanted a ball park figure.
I eat one hot dog a day and nothing else.
20 years as a vegan is
Well, that's one wish gone to hell
I’m cutting carbs. Want the bun?
Some cook-off. That chili was kiss-ass.
I'm from the Chicago office !
It's a giant hot dog. And, yes, I am happy to see you.
The downsizing initiative includes the cafeteria, so I figured I'd better act fast.
I'm making the most of my one hot dog a week diet.
Don't worry it's not real.
The bun was extra. You owe me $43.
Joey Chestnut will eat you now...
Harvey asked for it. It's for the elephant in the room.
Hold my calls and bring me all the ketchup you can find.
Boy did they screw up our six foot long hot dog's' order!
This is for the big guy in 103.
I know, but it's not what you think it is.
I lost half the mustard wrestling this thing through the subway turnstile during the noon-hour rush.
I don't understand it sir, Johnson assured me that you love big wieners.
You should see the one glass of wine I have each week
That's what I thought, but the boss says no more free condiments.
Yes, I have a big wiener, but it is still rude to stare!
Excuse me, on which floor might I find Kong, Inc.?
Told you I had a big Dog.
I don't worry too much about rBST.
Who ordered from Costco?
I said 'Boss, I need more. I have a family to feed!'
Haven't you ever heard of 'Super-sizing' your food-selection ?
Recall the mustard.
One EACH?
I'm going to need you to field all my calls for a bit, Kevin.
I'm here to defend my thesis.
I swear she told me she was of age, Kevin, I didn't know.
Jim, could you call back the phone company for me and ask them how I turn down my new phone. The loud ringing is attracting way too much attention.
Please don't be envious.
Who knew that 3-D printers have an 'Enlarge' mode?
They're in that new strip mall called the Napoleon Complex.
I guess I'm overcompensating for having missed breakfast.
I'm having lunch at my desk for the next month.
But he said 'Literally, bring in the Big Dog for today's presentation!'
Frankly, Jerry I just can't seem to catch up these days
You've got to have a big, swinging, dog in this fight.
Yes I know it's big, but is it too big?
I guess we can't call it a 'Weenie' anymore.
I swear I can ex- You know what. I can't explain this one.
Four hours and counting. Heading to the ER.
Some corporate HR thing, every office gets one!
Frank is here to see you.
It was either this or a sports car.
I got it at the Trump rally. You should see the Apple pie.
Don't judge me - it's vegan!
Therapist said if you can't run with big dogs...bring em to work.And Attention/Comprehension,my main problem with botching potentially positive social situations,making those around me feel uncomfortable.
Again they forget the sauerkraut!
My therapist said a dog would help.
There's no more mustard in the break room.
They didn't have a doggie bag.
You said no mustard, right?
I guess we know who's the big dog now.
Going to the Garden for a Knicks try-out. I think he'll fit in great.
This doesn't look too much like a purse, does it?
I had ordered the salad.
My fries and drink are coming UPS.
It's the foot-long at Yeti dogs.
This could take a while...
A footlong with extra growth hormones!
I need to be more specific with my remaining two wishes.
This is my cheat day
Somebody from HR needs to get up here right away; I don't know how much longer I can keep this thing in its bun.
Is there any mustard left in the break room?
Would you like to share?
Did you know that the hotdog stand on the corner provides catering service?
This was the small one at the Mega-plex.
Im trying takeout from Costco.
He's suffering from mustard withdrawal.
I told them it was a service dog and they had to let me in.
'We got the Heinz account.
I was getting tired of being called a weenie.
My bonus.
Just tell him Big Frank is here.
It didn't mean to be so frank.
We connected on LinkedIn.
Sabrett is not on the food-downsizing wagon.
At 'King Kong Inc.', Jim was hoping that the boss wouldn't get upset that the lunch cart was out of giant bananas today.
They said to pack up my office and talk to Brian about my severance package.
Do you have a couple of mustard packets?
You can go right in Mr. Mayer.
Mr. Trump's new logo is here.
Sorry, its not hot.
Supersizing has really gotten out of control.
Go big or go home.
This is what we're getting for a bonus this year.
Nice, but did you forget the relish?
Microwave's broken.
Never ask the Jolly Green Giant for a Foot long Hot Dog
Ralphie's so excited about 'bring your dog to work' day.
What's the wurst that could happen?
I thought she said 'do you want a surprise' So I said 'yes'. But I think she said 'do you want it super-sized'?
Do we still have mustard in the refrigerator?
When we voted on themed office days, I don't think this is what they meant by 'Bring Your Dog to Work!'
Have you seen an extra large jar of mustard?
You did say this was a dog friendly office, right?
It's just the costume for my other job.
I'll be frank with you, I don't have an appointment.
This is the new Intern, it's from Monsanto.
If anyone asks for me, I'm taking a long lunch.
Stop frowning, it's quorn.
That's not what we meant by 'Take your dog to work' day.
I can't run with the big dogs, so I have to stay on the porch.
I'm running in Weiner's district.
He ordered something American and something Huuuuuuuuge, and he said it would be great.
Lunch delivery for the big guy.
Does this bun make my dog look fat?
New to Texas, aren't you?
In fairness, you did say that dogs were allowed in the office.
You said that you'd help me raise him, Carl.
Can't talk now. Ketchup in the lunchroom?
No, it's not inflatable. I'm hungry.
Hillary's off her diet again!
Sorry. They were out of Big Macs.
Don't ever supersize at Costco.
It's the gluten.
Looks like my project is in the ballpark.
Just in case you forgot, I'm the big dog around here.
Jerry, for the last time, can you PLEASE tell your cousin Joe that I'm not into... I mean.. I'm a vegetarian.
Oscar wants you to put this on and stand out front.
Its metaphoric
Hi, I'm the new HR manager.
it was a big game...
If you ever run into a genie, be very, very specific.
Hot dog delivery for a Mr. Weiner
You want to sell mustard? Here's how you sell mustard!
I'm dog sitting for my neighbor.
Marty, call Legal and tell them I found the Wiener file.
Is it okay to bring dogs to work?
Why is it you can never find a bun that fits the hot dog.
Finally, here's the BIG DOG our company needs.
Get yourself ready - looks like another all-nighter.
We're storming the White Castle.
Man I really pulled a boner this time. I no u hate my captions because i are coservreative butt at leest git me magazene ta met on times sos i can cumpete
You've really been dogging it Jerry.
I'm afraid to see the new women's bathroom key
Looks like Trump is not the biggest dog in town.
Marketing wants to see how the sausage is made.
Even though his sales were still good, it became clear that Doug wasn't going to be the big dog in the office any longer.
They wanted to meet with the “Big Dog.”
It really is bigger then mine!
Because you should never waste a coupon, Jerry.
No, I did not get the memo for Bring Your Dog to Work day.
No. You do not hear kittens.
See, I told you mine is bigger.
It turns out that bigger isn't always better.
But, the news told me it was a hamburger...
You should've seen the cart that sold it to me.
It looked smaller in the catalog.
Mr. Larson told us he lost his big dog last night. Not quite?
We've been downsizing? Says who?
Hell of a way to buy the office lunch
My uber pool was a food delivery
Mark's buns clenched, he mustered but a squeak. Dave's eyes popped as he relished his chance to grill the big dog.
Tell Mr. Burns I'm here to discuss our new transparency policy, and want to be Frank...
My therapist said it would help with some long standing issues.
There was a delivery minimum of $15.
It was only 99 cents at the GMO depot.
What? I got takeout from Costco.
I'm sending it to Oregon.
It'll be in the conference room if you get hungry...
Turns out the vendor in the lobby has enormous feet.
I couldn't resist the new Trump hot dog stand.
I got myself a real weiner.
It's for Madonna's next show.
Now he thinks he's Donald Trump.
You should have seen the vendor.
Don't judge me, Bob. You know I like to live large.
This is for the boss. His wife has him on a diet at home.
New stand around the corner called Faust's.
Can you bring him back to life?
I hate having to get Joey Chestnut lunch.
Sir, Mayer's singing silly songs and fooling around with the 3-D printer again.
Guess who WON Powerball!
J. P. said try again, the bun is too short to look real
I don't need it, but it was 50% off at the Giant Hot Dog Lot!
I swear it's not mine, I'm just holding it for a friend.
I don't think the Disabilities Act means that kind of dog.
Where's my dog walker?
Of course it's a hot dog. What else could it be?
I told them I wanted to have a frank discussion.
I think the doctor misunderstood what I wanted.
I hit the wrong button on my apple watch after it started raping me in the bathroom.
I know, I know. Frank's on a roll.
What!!! They were practically giving them away!
Not a Hot-Dog. Frankfurter chair in Frank Lloyd Style.
The date of issue is after the date of closure for entries. Not fair to us who do not follow online. We are talking issue Jan 18 date but contests closes on Jan 17.
There's only room for one top dog in this office.
It's not Take Your Dog to Work Day?
Ummm...Nice to meat you.
Not sure that's what they meant by bring your dog to work day.
Morning Bill, Morning Frank. I mean Bob.
Foot long? King Kong? He in?
Another prank interview appointment...guess I should have known Frank F. Urter wasn't real.
I'm pulling an all-nighter.
Here, Keith. I know you've been relishing my demotion all week.
Yes it's a hotdog in my pocket, but I'm still happy to see you.
I see you've called in the 'Big Dogs'.
It's a Bundoggle Award for Management.
It's not kosher.
Everything has to be the biggest for Mr. Trump!
I can't control my wiener
OK... It may be a bit strange, but I HAVE lost 8 pounds.
Next week we're starting 'Meatless Mondays.'
The mustard and relish are already in the meeting room
Tell Patty I found Frank.
I think I'm going to need a doggie bag.
Don't worry, I'm not going to eat the bun.
...I forgot the tongs...
If you must know, it's a veggie dog vibrating with nutrition.
Not only is it real, it's kosher!
I said 'winners,' Bob. We want to hire winners.
Better give me the full half hour today, Barry.
Well, you got any better ideas to be top dog around here?
Where the hell is the giant relish jar?
At least he didn't want onions.
I'm definitely calling in sick tomorrow.
Your poll results, sir. 70%: Is that a rocket in your pocket? 20%: You robbed the Oscar Mayer wienermobile? 10%: Is it gluten-free? I quit.
That's the last time I tell my lunch I have a rent-controlled apartment and know how to build furniture.
I told you someone needs to check out the lunchroom microwave for radiation.
But, is it Kosher?
Hot tub, I said 8 person hot tub.
A movie theater chain took over the hot dog stand. This is the small.
I went to Costco for lunch.
It's a Dodd-Frank
The mustard is in the trunk
I need to know where the door to the roof is and two emergency thermal blankets? Quick, I only have 27 minutes.
Hotdog, what are you doin' here?
Thought it meant the big winner.
I'm bullish on condiments.
I'm here to see the top dog.
Don't worry, it's vegetarian.
I'm going out for lunch. I'll be back in two days.
I'm up for an Oscar.
I don't think I am going to relish this
The boss said to think big. or I told you that my diet starts tomorrow.
They feel the word 'jumbo' has strayed from its roots.
I'm trying that new Guy Fieri diet.
I am REALLY going to relish this!
I hate it when the bun is too small.
I'm returning it ... no one here will admit to having ordered a giant wiener.
It has a meeting with the Big Cheese.
Get it while you can. Chef says it will only last up to four hours.
My wife read that it's healthier to eat just once a day
She said size matters.
I ordered a size too big.
So this is our big severance package???
I need two emergency thermal blankets and the key to the roof hatch? Quick, I only have 27 minutes.
Which way to the stage? She's on in five!
Please tell Mr Christie that his lunch is here
Don't ask, don't tell
Has the meating started yet?
Looks like you've got a lot of ketching-up to do...
There's a girl holding a giant doughnut down the hall.
Is the former Congressman in? Anthony-something. I can never remember his last name.
Tell Earl I'm going for mustard
I kept telling wiener here to stop singing that song- but he wouldn't listen.
You gotta try the 3-D printer!
I asked for a Ballpark frank, not a ballpark sized frank!'
So, what will it be, truth or dare?
Just Google 'Freud's Fifth Avenue Hotdogs.'
Jared sent me.
Please don't shake your wiener at me.
I'm taking it to the Giants game.
I was passed over for an Oscar Mayer nomination again
Thompson! What's the status of my relish requisition?
I'm taking an extended lunch.
I hope this doesn't distract from the lunch and learn.
I needed something big to relish at work.
Don't order the actual size foot long from King Kong's Foot Longs.
My doctor said no more processed meats but my therapist said I'm undercompensating
I brought in my dog.
Frank, before I go any furter, how was your weekend?
You should see the other guy.
Looks like you had an exciting visit and examination with Dr. Frank today.
OK, boss, break room fridge is ship shape.
We lost to the tofurkey on a gluten free bun
The food truck was bought by Costco.
Now we can cut the mustard, Dave.
For the last time , no one cares how big your hot dog is
Let me be FRANK with you, Bob.
We matched on tinder
You won't be forgetting who's the big dog is again.
No, I'm not compensating for anything, Bob. Why'd you ask?
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, Dick.
What? There was a sale at Costco
Stop checking out my buns.
Another sad day at the wish office.
He saw the hot dog cart downstairs.
I hope there's enough ketchup.
Sorry. Its not kosher.
Yes, the anti-shrink gun works and yes, I am hungry.
Be back in an hour . . . I'm off to 'Cialis.'
The severance lotto rumor was true!
I have lunch for the team building meeting.
It's new art for the chairman's office.
We are going to have a frank discussion.
Don't tell my wife.
Am I late for the meating?
Jeff, the 3-D printer is out of mustard again.
Great opening day! They put A-Rod in concessions.
I'm working on the Coney Island campaign...
I really think it's helping my carpal tunnel
Who's a big weinnie now!
Ted, this is getting ridiculous.
The menu was in metric.
Where's Mr Kong? I'm here with his lunch.
Don't worry, it's my therapy dog.
I need three gallons of mustard.
Five second rule
This is what the doctor does after it's lasted more than four hours.
I've found a new way to increase ketchup sales by 300%.
Here you are George, I hear you take it up the buns.
I know it seems big, but this week's report is mostly filler.
Just pretend you don't see this blow up hotdog blow-up hotdog I've developed a relationship with.
He finally got his wish.
The good news is, you're getting two months' severance. The bad news is, we're going to need you to train it.
So I've given up on Weight Watchers. Sue me!
Dick, are you suffering from hot dog envy?
you coming to the sausage party?
Trying something new.....no condiments.
I feel like a weenie.
Hey, Bill? Did you catch the game last night? I stayed up for all 17 innings and I'm really mustered out' 'Yeah, Bill. I saw that. I stayed up for the whole game too and really relished the walk off win!
I think that it's safe to say the First Lady won't be thrilled with our new school-lunch initiative.
I'm not shaking it on purpose, I'm just nervous.
How'd you know my last job was with Nathan's Famous?
The higher power answered back.
I thought Bloomberg outlawed this size
He wants to have a frank discussion.
You wanted it from Costco, right?
They said it's for a Mr. Kong up on 102.
GMO for the CFO sweating over the IPO
Put it in back with the others.
Is this breakfast, lunch, dinner or all three?
Phil kept his Viagra in the refrigerator and developed a giant wiener.
It was my turn to buy lunch
So you're the one who steals my mustard.
I can't do lunch. I have a meeting with HR.
which way to the mustard and relish?
I thought it was wiener Friday.
Communal lunch -- what a stupid idea!
It was a hot dog in his pocket!
I found him collapsed and shivering at his computer. That steam heat unit in his cubicle evidently failed. Get Maintenance on this right away and check the warranty on the heater.
I'm worried I bit off more than I can chew?
Can you tell me where the mustard and relish are?
It's better than being known as 'The Big Cheese,' I guess.
If you're ever dealing with a Genie, remember, be VERY specific...
Apparently, there's a potluck today. I wanted to relish my opportunity.
Have you tried the 3D printer?
It's a kosher unicorn.
It said 'non-GMO' on the label.
This is just a hotdog and it's casual Friday…
I couldn't help it. She started singing this little diddy ' 'oh, I wish I were an....', and I fell in love.
I'm on a very strict diet
Told 'ya I had the biggest wiener in the building.
Bring Your Child to Work Day hasn't been quite the same ever since John began bringing in his large brat of a kid.
When we walk into that meeting, act casual
I'm looking for some bulk condiments
I think this is the size he wanted; I still have trouble using the metric system.
It's on my diet, no nitrates!
I have a lot of work to ketchup on
I went to a giant's baseball game.
I liked our company culture better when we didn't encourage big ideas.
Bill you know I'm trying to go vegan, so why are you waving that around?
You already bought a big car. Now this?
When they said life-time supply, I figured it would be in instalments.
They say if it lasts more than 3 hours to see a doctor.
Cancel my two o'clock. I will be taking a long lunch.
50 cents at Ikea.
Pardon me, do you have any..... oh, never mind, just send in a vat of the basic yellow stuff.
I always wanted to bring my dog to work.
HR says no dice.
It began as a cocktail wiener of an idea.
I named it, so I had to keep it.
This is the new improved super size!
I ordered online--seemed cheap for a 65-inch HD.
Every year, Frank dreaded the White Elephant gift exchange.
Are you staring at my buns?
It's a Rescue. We didn't realize it was still growing.
it's from the genome deli
Condiments!!!
Yes, it actually IS a giant hot dog, but it doesn’t mean that I’m not happy to see you.
You really don't want to know what's in it.
Why would Sophia report me to HR for telling her I was excited to slide my huge hot dog into some fresh buns at lunch? Is she a vegetarian?
Hey, boss! I got your lunch! You sure you wanted the hot dog from Costco? They're a bit much...
Food Giant just opened a lunch counter.
Well... there wasn't a name on it...
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
I was told this is a dog-friendly office.
The memo said 'Bring something to share.'
A large HOT COFFEE and a BUN, Trevor. He asked for a large HOT COFFEE and a BUN.'
I know what you're thinking.
I want to become top dog so I'm hoping this prop will help.
We decided to replace the hamburger menu icon.
Boss's Day gift. It's symbolic.
Some joker put some Viagra in the cooking water.
My doctor says I need to eat bigger food.
They said they don't have any hot chicks with big buns
I'd stay away from the microwave if I were you.
No, it's a surf board with built in shark distractifier.
They weren't kidding when they said American Food portions where getting out of control.
They delivered too much food again. Wanna share?
Call purchasing! I'm going to need a LOT of mustard.
Buck and a half at the warehouse store.
I have a big lunch meeting.
My mistake, I thought you said big wiener, not big winner!
It's for my meat eaters support group.
I save when I buy in bulk.
Where's the potluck?
It's time for a frank discussion about your performance.
Hey, you got a place I can stick this giant wiener? Oh wait...now I hear it. I have to apologize to your receptionist.
It's not what it looks like! I swear it's Kosher!
Would you believe my aliment contains only soma?
Sorry. I couldn't find a dog sitter today.
Get me a bucket of relish from inventory.
I think I found Hoffa.
I keep forgetting they don't use metric system here
Oh no, I ordered the wrong size and its non-returnable
The boss wants you to cut the mustard.
THE BOSS WANTS EVERYTHING 'YUGE'.
This way, I have to wait on line at the cart only once a week.
And for my third wish I asked Genie for the biggest wiener.
Stop Googling my weiner!
I know, I know... I shouldn't fall for the up-sale.
I'm trying to slim down by bringing my own lunch to work.
She'll really relish this.
Today is 'take your dog to work day'. Say hello Frank.
You guys in cocktail wieners have no idea what it's like over in foot-longs.
Now there is no doubt who has the biggest weiner in the office!
I thought sauerkraut would be pushing it.
Is this frank enough?
Viagra has a food truck!
I'll take a longer lunch break today.
It's for Administrative Assistants' Day...do you think I over-thought it?
Did you say use the reducing gun???
What's your beef, Frank? It's kosher.
Lunch is leftover Pronto Pup inventory!
I have a delivery for a Mr. K. Kong
You can call me Big Dog!
Yes, it's Kosher.
I think there's something wrong with the microwave
Today's lunch special discount is GMO dogs.
Inform the staff. There will be a working lunch in Conference Room A.
It's a client's way of telling me my investing advice was a lot of baloney.
Is that for the LEARN TO SHARE event ?
My wife thinks she brings home the bacon!
Looks like two weeks of vegan is about my limit.
Let me take a wild guess here: His first name is Oscar, right.
Where's Frank's desk?
If anyone calls I'm in the condiments room.
Wheels were not included
Yes yours is definitely bigger than mine.
'I'm here for the 10:00 o'clock meating'.
I brought the big dog for the contract negotiations.
Foot long? Meter? I'll never get the metric system
I was told to place it in the corner office.
Henderson got the mustard.
So this makes six things not to buy at Costco.
I grabbed it at lunch time and it's stayed with me all afternoon.
You should have seen the hotdog cart!
We'll need a bigger microwave!
Cancel my four o'clock.
I heard that size matters.
Oh, hot diggity, dog ziggity, boom what you do to me.
I've got a big wiener.
You nailed it Ed, there will not be donuts at this mornings Staff meeting.
I know, I know, I am a weenie.
Where is the conference room?
It was like throwing a hot dog down a hallway!
I asked for a Top Dog position, and this is what I got!
I had no luck with the Atkins.
Wait, 'Bring Your Giant Hot Dog to Work Day' is tomorrow?
It was on the Value Menu.
You can't bring that weiner in here!
Sorry, that's not kosher here.
New account.
I'm trying the 'you are what you eat' strategy to become the top dog around here.
I'm having lunch with the Big Cheese.
That's harassment, Bob, and my eyes are up here.
I hate to see all those relish packets go to waste.
Doug, didn't you get the email-- NO DOGS ALLOWED1
What, you've never seen a wiener this big?
I'm glad to see you too, Bill.
So I get hungry sometimes, don't judge me.
I thought we were working from home today!
Did you get your bonus?
Frankly, I don't see what the big deal is.
The Boss Really Grilled Us!
Excuse me, is Dr. Freud in?
It's bonus season, so...
It was buy one get ten free
Can you believe they charge five dollars for these?
Wait until you see Fred's chili cheese dog
The hot dog stand wouldn't break a $100 bill.
We should have done better reference checking on our new intern Frank.
What? I thought it was take your dog to work day.
You don't want to know how it was made.
no, I'm not compensating for my tiny coke
On which floor can I find the relish and onion?
Does this make me look hungry?
I'll start my diet when I finish this.
My wife really went overboard at Costco this week.
'That's the same look my wife gave me'.
It's been more than four hours.
Frank and I are off to the ballpark.
Joe's boss James was very hungry and also very busy. He told Joe 'I want a big hot dog' sarcastically. Joe went on the streets of New York and told the man to make one giant hot dog so he did and brought it back to his boss.
Has Steve from the Cheese Department come in yet?
You should see the food truck.
Those are hot dog-S eating contests.
Make America great again. Its a great dog. The best dog. A dog that will work because it is the best. Any questions?
What's Trump want with that?
Before you say anything, Jim's bringing the ketchup.
Winner! I said, 'Big winner!'
Sir, I just ordered a super size hot dog for lunch online. Edwin, can you please show me how to download it because I'm real hungry.
The big dog says 'You're fired!'
I'm going for top dog.
But you said our client was a corporate giant!
I'm sorry, sharing would just be too weird.
I'm more than just a piece of meat.
The board of directors are waiting for lunch and I forgot the mustard.
It's certified organic and non GMO.
No, I didn't get the gig. No one seem to appreciate the fine art of ventriloquism.
So, I see on your résumé that you are master of your domain.
Bob, I hate to be that 'guy' bringing HR into this situation, but you commenting on my wiener was inappropriate and it needs to stop.
Tell him I'm running with the big dogs now.
I'm really beginning to rethink instituting 'Weenie Wednesday's' at the office
I don't relish this task!
It was to big to Sext
She said she won't go out with me because I have a big weiner!
There can be only one true alpha in this office, and I'm just making sure you understand who that is.
Got any chia seed relish ?
The food truck ran out of mustard, sauerkraut and relish!
You try working for the top dog.
I've got a lot of work to ketchup on.
Do we have a Costco Closet?
Have to eat at my desk today so I went to Costco.
This is my free day of the no-gluten Paleo diet.
It's my pre-cleanse hot dog.
Mine is bigger than yours.
FYI it's all organic.
It was the only thing in the company that hasn't been downsized.
Yes, Jim. It is a hot dog in my pocket. And no, I am not happy to see you.
My diet allows one cheat day.
Did you happen to see who moved that suitcase full of mustard packets I had by my desk?
The Oscar Meyer drug reps are ready for you now.
I thought you said it was 'Bring Your Pet to Work Day?'
Didn't he say go big or go home?
It's an analogy.
Who ordered the party hot dog?
It's for the new X-games category - extreme hot dog eating.
Hide us. The healthy lunch police are coming.
You should see the jumbo shrimp.
You haven't seen us today
Yes, it's an extended bun.
That's the last time I say 'supersize me.'
Free-for-all in the conference room. There's still a golden harp in there, if you can lift it.
Famished?
Geez, I guess it's 'Bring Your Weiner to Work Day.'
A lady in the elevator just told me I had a nice wiener, but when I told her 'thank you' she looked at me and said she wasn't talking to me, she was talking to the hot dog!
I'm gonna try the frank approach.
It's my own fault; I asked the boss to be frank with me.
Standing food for my standing desk.
Have you seen the mustard bucket?
Next week we're doing pulled pork.
Does this pass muster?
I'm just glad he said to hold the mustard.
Is it Kosher?
Don't worry, I'm not going to put ketchup on it.
Double header.
Has my ketchup packet been delivered yet?
See ya. I'm off to the annual Nathan's Surfing Competition.
Did you hear? Nathan's is having an after Christmas sale.
What do you mean I can't get to the roof this way? How do I give King Kong his snack?
Can you give me a hand with my soda?
Damn genie takes everything so literally.
It's my slider didgeridoo case.
Where do I find the mustard silo?
Get over it. Size matters.
Organic fed beef, pork and chicken. My ass!
Tell Purchasing to order a gross of mustard jars.
Would you have any Grey Poupon?
The winner was a 300-pound tofu pup.
We need more talking dogs.
They're calling in the big dogs for this negotiation.
The condom campaign isn't working.
Special delivery for Mr. Trump.
Is this the mascot audition for white male privilege?
You asked for huge budget cuts.
I'm not compensating, i'm just hungry!
If you don't eat the bun it's not bad for you
When you said 'Props to Me' - I had no idea.
Are you the keeper of the sauerkraut shovel?
He wished he was an Oscar Meyer wiener... let's hope he has two more wishes.
I'm Mr. Bunyan's noon.
Well, you didn't have your name on it.
I'm trying out this new entire farm to table diet.
Excuse me, I've got to see a man about a dog.
Page me when Mr. Chestnut arrives.
This ought to do a better job at filling the hallway
I thought I told you to bring me The Top Dog!!!
Harry's right behind me with the mustard.
You should see the extra-large.
I cashed in my 401 Esskay.
I'm not here if the weiner mobile people call.'
You've been named, 'Best Wurst Employee Of The Year'.
Apparently 'Go big or go home' doesn't apply to the company potluck
Shaq's foot-long is a real bargain.
If you see a guy with a huge vat of mustard, tell him I'm in the big conference room.
Nice try, but that dog won't hunt!
They were out of the six foot subs.
They changed the 401k matching program again.
Hey Barowitz, is this your dildo?
I decided to get the lunch special today.
I know, I know. Relish the opportunity.
Just going around the office taking up a collection for mustard packs.
Eat this in an hour and the next one's free!
Bob: about to pitch his ill-conceived 'Giant Hog Dog' idea.
You should've seen what they gave to the guy who came in first place.
He really gave it to me in that meeting. This is what he gave me.
I feel like I've lost perspective.
I read an interview tip that said, 'make them ask you the questions.'
Uber delivery for Weiner.
Give me the Grey Poupon
Hold all my calls.
They were out of party subs.
It's my passive-aggressive reply to the less-is-more memo.
I keep forgetting.... one quote is feet, two quotes is inches.
It was only a dollar more.
Ambien.
As a vegan, I find this mildly offensive.
I said yes when she asked 'do you want it supersized?' Who knew?
It's my New Year's resolution -- no condiments.
I heard there's a chili office on this floor.
I'll be eating in today...
I know, the buns are always too small.
You can also get it in family size.
It was too big to send as an attachment.
I am taking Frank out for some mustard and relish. Care to join us?
'' I relish your explanation.''
It's urgent I see Dr. Freud!
They ran out of retirement cakes.
Don't worry, I'm doing Paleo so I can trash the bun.
Got any mustard? The cafeteria always runs out.
I have to watch the dog for my wife today.
Well, my diet officially ended today. How was your weekend?
This cutout is for our new campaign 'Cut it down to one burger per meal.'
We've switched to a cafeteria benefits plan.
The boss said I needed a new role.
Can you believe what I found in my spam folder?
At least it's kosher.
The Viagra hasn't worn off, this is the best I could do.
Bob told me it was bring your dog to work day.
Oy Vey, such a headache you're giving me!
Can you grab the ketchup from the car ?
Don't ask.
Bring your dog to work week starts on Monday Phil!
Doctor! It's been this big for over four hours...
I'll have to go back for the sauerkraut.
This is Frank, the new intern.
Marketing thinks this could be the next big thing. Genetically enhanced wieners.
This brings the term 'hot-dogging' to a new level.
It's been over four hours, should I call a doctor?
They said I could super-size it for only an extra dollar.
I know this HD is NOT even 720p. But they say this is as large as they can make it.
That's the last time I go online to order lunch!
Today is not 'take your pet to work' day?
It's ok, I can bring this with me, it's a therapy dog.
It was 'Free Hot Dog if the Giants Win' day.
The warning label said nothing about a bun lasting more than four hours.
I'll be taking my dog for a walk on my lunch break
Use a comma next time you order- six foot long hotdogs.
You know what they say about small feet.
Go back; you forgot the mustard.
I'll be out to lunch for a year.
You'll need megabytes for this great scoop,
I ate ten, but I got this one free!
Guess who's the 'Big Dog' now!
My wife says I'm over-compensating.
I'm telling you, it'll fit.
I told them it was a morale booster. They thought it was a nuke.
The mustard will be here as soon as we get it unstuck from the elevator.
The Biggest Hot Dog Lottery in the World
He ain't heavy, he's my bratwurst.
This is how I roll
I heard you're hungry.
'The experiment worked. Can you write up a report on possibilities?
I'm just glad she cancelled Taco Tuesdays.
So where's the mustard.. There's a new Big Dog ' in town. !
But you said the 'hot dog' gets the promotion.
My diet allows one per week.
The Big Cheese's lunch is here.
If it lasts more than 4 hours, call a doctor.
What do you think he meant by 'bring in the big dog'?
Tell me this tie doesn't clash.
Your wife called. She said 'Don't forget the mustard.'
I've got to take Frank home. He's being a big braut.
Oh, uhh...new year, new me.
Did you know they opened a Costco down the street?
Josh, do you have any mustard packets in your drawer?
Put that eye back in your head! Your turn is coming!
Upstairs wants to implement the new employee retention test. Anyone says ketchup, they're gone.
Frank, I've told you numerous times to keep your big wienie under your desk where it belongs!
You will do all my work and not complain.
It has been this size for over four hours.
You should see the hot dog cart.
Is this where I register my Emotional Support Dog?
It's my prize for winning the hot dog eating contest.
I'm going to sell this for 200 dollars at the ball game.
We have a weiner!
It's for Miley's next entrance.
No, I meant Oscar Mayer from Accounting.
You know what they say: big buns...
I thought they said big 'winner.'
Do you know how to get this thing off vibrate?
It's my fault for agreeing to show Frank around the office.
They moved lunch to the big conference room.
... and none of your cracks about overcompensation.
We prefer that you relish your job.
I'm here for the Chippendale audition.
There's a brand new dirty water dog cart outside from Flint Michigan.
when did our hot dog stand switch to the metric system ?
I run with the BIG dogs!
I really regret that wish....
Finally a bun-length wiener.
The fathom-long was on sale.
There are only 5 weight watchers points in a single hot dog.
Fail at veganism and the next thing you know...
I've decided to start carrying my lunch.
I'm looking for Mr. Meyer's Office...
Excuse me, which floor is the therapist?
Costco's going into street vending.
Next time I'll know not to supersize the order
Don't worry about me. George is coming with the ketchup and mustard.
The good news is you did very well in your performance review. The bad news is Oscar Mayer's bonus structure has changed.
The boss wants mustard and sauerkraut.
I'm on a diet.
I thought I'd take a long lunch.
It's a rescue.
Back in twenty - just taking the dog for a walk.
Sorry Barry, I'm no longer interested in you and your huge wiener.
It's Taco Tuesday? WHOOPS!
You sent the Viagra to the wrong My. Meyer.
I told you we could get the big dogs!!
The sign on the guy’s cart said ‘non-GMO hot dogs’; I think not…
I'm sorry. With the new budget we did cut the mustard.
Believe me, Sigmund, it’s only a hot dog.
I land both the Oscar Meyer and Costco accounts, and this is the thanks I get.
They were BOGO.
You should have seen the grill
Is it cold in here?
It's always the ex-vegetarians who take it too far.
If this lasts until lunch, I'm calling Shake Shack.
The day that Carl threw a wrench into Take Your Dog to Work Day.
They were out of King Size buns
The hot dog guy started dreaming big.
I'll just leave it on the elevator; it's way too big to flush.
Yeah, still 10 in a pack, but only 8 buns.
Don't worry, it's been neutered.
I want to see them try and regulate oversized hotdogs.
What can I say? The big dog said he wanted a big dog!
Don't have to be in a film to get a nice Oscar!
The company's new dog-friendly office space needed some clarification.
I'm on a paleo plan. Want the bun?
The message said, 'I need you and Frank in my office, stet.'
They were out of turkey legs.
That thing better be kosher!
And do you want relish with that?
a bit dicey on that crowded elevator
This wiener is for the big wiener in the corner office
The guidelines only said to cut down on the number you eat.
Urgent care! My wife fell into the sausage machine!
Pardon me, do you have a large bucket of Grey Poupon?
I'm long Nathan's.
Tina said it was 'bring your dog to work' day.
I forgot Big Al likes mustard.
The Deli is having a fire sale
Your order, sir.
Not at work, Stan!
All I said was 'super size.'
Going out to lunch. Back in a jiffy.
Sorry Ed, I couldn't carry yours.'
I thought they canceled take your dog to work day.
Does Boss want mustard with his lunch?
Haha yes I'm overcompensating, I get it.
What's a dachshund?
This is the wurst!
You won't believe the size of the included soda.
Your girlfriend must be a cool cat!
My dachshund needs to see the vet shrink.
We're gonna need a lot of mustard.
We came up with a new plan to sell more ketchup.
It is the secrete weapon that have been looking for!
7-Eleven calls it the Bloomberg size
Let's roll !!!
Who gets the large no mustard?
It's my job to feed Mr. Trump's ego.
The big guy sent me out for this, but I forgot the three jars of Grey Poupon.
It's a new golf bag, a gift from my friend Oscar
My dietitian told me to limit to only one hot dog a week.
I went out for a long lunch.
Sorry I'm late. The dog-sitter called off sick.
What's the problem? yesterday my secretary put a carrot the size of of a submarine in her giant cooter.
Actually, it's a bratwurst.
I gotta go, my boss is dogging me.
Bye, Frank. See you at the company picnic.
Which way to Lost & Found?
I'm not going to say it.
Is that an all-beef frank?
You won't believe what Mr. Maier wants us to do with this.
Its an act of penance for falling off the detox wagon.
I am hot dog tired.
How do you like our company's entry in the 'weiner-take-all' competition?
You are not going to each chili with that again, are you?
She said that she wanted a supersized for our date.
I've got a lot on my plate today.
Party sub, party weiner, what's the difference?
Ted, Frank. Frank, Ted.
It's Bring a Dog to Work Day in Processing
Actually, it's a piñata filled with regular-size hot dogs.
I thought it was understood you wouldn't display your weiner publically anymore, Anthony.
The congressman is logging on to Twitter again.
Frank told me to bring picnic size for tonight's party.
One man's sales pitch prop is another man's carpool buddy.
Of course it's HUGE; I ordered the 'Donald.'
Oh! hot diggity, dog ziggity boom, what'cha do to me, It's so new to me, what'cha do to me,
Did a guy carrying a 50 gallon container of mustard pass through here?
HR called. No more You Big Weenie awards.
Don't judge.
It was either this or the carrot salad.
After four hours the ad said to call. It's been eight, so I came in person.
Tomorrow I go on a juice fast.
Yes, it's a giant hot dog. No, I'm not happy to see you.
Frank was fine until he got grilled.
Don't tell me I'm in hot water with the boss.
Do you know if they still have that big-box store mustard in the cafeteria?
Everyone has hot dog envy.
We're running out of relish and chopped onions.
Costco was the only place open.
Please stop sending Betty to Costco to shop for the employee lunch meetings.
Mayor Bloomberg might not find this acceptable but I like to take very big bites. .
She gone, John. She's gone.
It came with a resume from a guy named Oscar Wiener.
The consumer focus group said that 'fun size' is not a good label for this product.
I'm going to need your help with the hamburger out back.
My wife said now i just need to grow a pair.
I would have preferred a cash bonus.
Don't tell me, you're in beast mode.
Remember how we all made fun of that stupid executive hot tub?
I couldn't find a sidewalk vendor, so I stopped by Costco.
It's called a LONG Island hotdog!
They couldn't toast the bun.
What do you mean, 'compensating?'
I pressed the 3D printing link
Have you seen the really big mustard?
We've got a lot of ketch-ing up to do
It's a dog eat dog world.
Is the Big Cheese in?
I never knew Costco sold hot dogs either!
Has anyone got a vat of mustard?
Last time I buy Bozo a footlong
Actually Bob I asked for this weeks pole winner
I felt a fever coming on.
I'm trying to cut down.
He was calling you one, not that he wanted one.
You should see their Pastrami!
At the cart -- just ask for a Cruz Missile.
My wife got the hot dog shop. I got this.
Sir, are you aware the hot dog is considered a sandwich?
I should have taken that genie more seriously.
Hot dogging it for the new boss.
You are such a hot dog!
Got a long little doggie there?
George figured out what to do with his lifetime supply of Grey Poupon.
I was catfished. This was supposed to be a voluptuous hamburger.
The boss said to be more frank in my follow up interview.
Hi, I'm here for the filming of the Monsanto commercial.
I sure hope the 'man-bun' fad ends soon
Tina from HR said that I could bring my emotional support dog to the meeting.
Don't give me that look. The boss said I could have a long lunch.
Why the heck do they call this 'The Donald'?
The GMO team has had a breakthrough.
I'm afraid you'll have to take that up with the Compensation Department.
Tell me you don't think size matters!
It's a man-eat-big dog world.
'Yes it's a giant wiener and NO, I'm not happy to see you.'
Cancel my lunch meetings for the rest of the month
Someone's making giant food on the 3D printer again.
After I eat this I'm becoming a vegetarian.
I took it away from the kids. They were checking to see who had the longest wiener.
When your boss starts calling you the 'hot diggity-dawg'
Ketchup or mustard?
Boss-man told the hot dog guy to think bigger.
Relish and mustard, right?
So, thgis is the new hotdog that they hired to run the department?
I hope its not the kind that plumps when you cook it.
This could be my last supper.
I don't eat the bun.
They gave me this in appreciation for all the years I ate at my desk.
Please resist the imminent euphemism.
It's a prop for the Viagra pitch.
is that a hot dog under your arm or are you just happy to see me?
He's been ordering his lunch in ever since the bridge closing scandal broke.
What? It's my new wiener dog!
I think I need to put him down.
Got my weenie in a sling over this one.
That weiner is effing around
I have big buns and I cannot lie.
Sorry, Phil, but I figure it's time I started running with the big dogs.
I'm a pledge in the office fraternity.
Hot diggedy dog! Now this here's enough lunch for the whole gang!
There are two kinds of dogs: those that bite and those we devour at the ballpark.
I guess the bubble has reached other industries as well.
This is my hot dog, and you can't have any.
I think its more metaphor than simile.
Try telling me I don't cut the mustard now!
Think this will get me into the pot luck?
What? It was a buck fifty at Costco. Would ya help me get the drink out of the car?
It's my biggest baggage.
Carl knew he could be promoted – if only he could capture the attention of the higher-ups.
Mr. Mayer needs the spare from his trunk.
Relax....it's tofu.
Yep, been running with the big dogs.
Man, I've got a lot on my plate this week.
Did you remember the mustard?
Have you met Frank from Accounting?
It's Donald's lunch. Everyone knows he likes everything HUGE.
Just a little something to feed the boss's ego.
Remember when i lost my dog? I found him.
i asked my wife for a bigger meal.. i didn't mean in length
O.K. if I take a long lunch?
Some clown ordered the foot-long?
I didn't feel I like a hamburger today.
Patrick, they are all outside. Who screwed up the Nathan's account?
You try to get back on time after lunch at the wholesale club!
He's sending it back. I forgot the mustard.
Our CEO likes his with mustard.
Costco take-out. My cubicle.
Funny, that's just what your mom said!
Did you get that email about downsizing?
I had a heckuva time finding the bun.
I asked to see the big WINNER!
I'd get it with the works, but that's murder on the lumbar region.
There is no way I can fit this into my schedule.
No. I'm not excited to see you.
I couldn't carry the drink.
Have you checked with the airline to make sure that fits in the overhead bin.
This Paleolithic diet portions are no joke.
It's for Bloomberg--he ordered the supersize.
If you paid me more, I wouldn't need this side job.
Cancel my one o'clock and get me some mustard
I got tired of bringing home the bacon.
It's the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Championship Trophy that I won yesterday. That's what the hell it is.
I forgot my laser pointer.
You said I could bring my service dog to work.
He ordered for me at lunch again. 'It's gotta be uuuge,' he said.
It's not enough to just bring home the bacon anymore.
Our new austerity program, lunch for the Board of Directors.
Hot diggity, dog diggity. Look what you do to me.
I told you Today is NOT Bring Your Lunch to Work Day
It's the new Android S4 edible.
Don't worry, it's gluten-free and vegetarian.
Just know I don't relish answering questions all day.....
When I asked you to go out and get hot dogs for everyone working late...this is not what I meant.
So you clicked Supersize?...
Large hotdog order delivery?!
Nathan's is having their 100th Anniversary special 5 cents for 100 inch dogs.
Is Jenkins in? I have something big to show him.
I know what you're thinking, Fred...'What does George have that I don't have?'
You're looking at my small feet, aren't you.
Consolation prize from the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest!
Sauerkraut's still in the trunk.
Don't worry. It's not Anthony.
What? I'm hungry
Can you scan this in for me?
Apparently this is NOT what he meant by 'compensation package.'
He said he wanted a ball park frank.
It's a gag gift.
Don't panic, it's a new couch.
What? My wife went to BJs.
They forgot the onion.
He could be on the phone with Mustard for all I care; tell Ketchup it's urgent!
I'm going out for lunch; I'll be back in a month.
Arthur wants to kill himself.
So, the big truck didn't solve your issue?
Thompson says I'm a big wiener? I'll show him a big wiener!
My doctor ordered me to cut down to just one hot dog a week.
Turns out having a big weiner isn't as much fun as you might think.
All he said was he was 'staging' his office. My opinion? He really is a hot dog.
Nice try, but he already has one.
You know how our eyes look really weird? I'm hoping this helps draw the eye.
Tinder has a new truth in advertising clause.
Frankly I give a damn
Delivery for a Mr. J. Koons.
I'll be working through lunch all week.
I just wish that the big ape on the roof would stop ordering lunch delivered!
You won't believe the size of the new food truck
I told you I wasn't the biggest weenie in the office.
Big hot dog? What big hot dog? I have no clue what you're talking about.
I need you to let the reactor core go critical for 45 seconds, 50 tops.
In a world that seems increasingly small, this is my way of fighting back!
I'll keep it under my hat
I'm taking my lunch to lunch.
I just endorsed Trump for President!
Is that the only x4vv8fv! thing you ever have for lunch?
You're begging for a pay cut.
Frank, this is important. I need more ketchup and fewer frowns out of you. Are you with me?
Let me be frank....
Really Lenny, at work? Can you cover it up a little bit better?
The contestants in Nathan's next contest are in for quite a surprise.
So for it not to be harassment I have to keep it at a zero degree incline and incorporate a ketchup swirl?
You saw nothing.
The Jolly Green Giant is branching out.
'Whatever you're doing, stop it and get me some mustard'
What? It's a turkey dog.
Jerry, in this case, size DOES matter.
Now who's got a little weiner?!
I always took Larry for a kraut and mustard guy.
The genie misunderstood my wish
I'm trying to emotionally eat my way out of the office.
I've got an appointment with Mr. Heinz.
I thought it said 'hot dog OF the month club'...
I told you I have a big one.
I admire your effort to be helpful, Marvin but my mention of 'Hot Dog' referred to our sales campaign
I'm trying to calm him down. He just found out he's carcinogenic.
The boss really gave it to me...
'Just a regular day at work?!' (by Liza Avery, my 7 year old!!??)
Look at this guy..... Not me and you pal
They said it had my name on it.
Security took the wrapper.
Could you spare a napkin?
There's something wrong with the microwave oven.
Tell Bob we're bringing in the big dogs for the 3:30 pm sales meeting.
I was told to go big or go home.
I relish the surprise on your face.
Carl, I think you misunderstood 'bring your dog to work day'
I am here for my 2 o'clock with Mr. Nathan's
What the hell, it's gluten free.
I guess you didn't cut the mustard.
I'll skip on the bun since I'm trying to go gluten free.
I'm down to one hit dog a day.
Quick taking advantage of the free shipping!
It's part of my new compensation package.
Going over the top is great, but it doesn't always work.
I think we should go back to the 6 foot sub for 'Foodie Friday' in the office.
'sorry sir, I was late when i got my giant hot dog. the boss is confused. 'wanna have a bite sir ':)
Mr. Trump said he wanted it, 'Huge!'
I've seen bigger online.
I like big wieners.
Don't let my wife see that
I can't eat this... without mustard!
If my wife calls, tell her I'm at lunch until 5:00.
The deal was get one for the price of twenty-four.
Derek and Merle disagree about what is kosher at the office.
H.R. says I'm not allowed to let my weiner hang out at work.
Who thought it would be funny to prance around with a giant hot dog?
Now you can see why I shop at Costco!!!!
...It's about twelve feet tall and says mustard. You couldn't have missed it.
What? There was no name on it.
'Better give Jim a hand. He's stuck in the elevator with the mustard'.
I'm top dog now.
The office party was a total sausage fest.
I know it's only comfort food.
You wanted a frank discussion?
Carbs 80.2% , Total Fat 12.22 % , Cholesterol 44.3%, Sodium HIGH, Protein, 77%, Calories...WHO CARES!!
Flinstone's car needs balancing again
I think it's a sauerkraut allergy !
Suddenly Brad's long lunches made sense to his co-worker.
It's 'Bring Your Wiener to Work Day', Charlie.
As soon as I finish this I'm going on a diet.
You should see the size of the mustard.
I got it for sexting on office time.
Middle aged intern running errands for the boss.
I'm expecting a truck load of chili any minute now.
Didn't you say we should ketchup sometime..?
Just showing the new Ivy League intern around the firm.
The mustard is coming up on the service elevator.
Its a camouflaged ballistic missile
Hey, could you give this to the bossman? He said he needed it ASAP.
Have you met Frank? He works in accounting.
I said plain—with relish.
It's needed for the hot dog and pony show.
What!?! It's my therapy pet!
'It will be fun,' they said. 'Wiener dogs will be a great pet to take care of,' they said.
I really goofed. I bought more mustard and catsup than i can ever use.
Josh, relax. Everything's kosher.
Don't worry, it's not actually this big
Hey Charlie, want to grab a hot dog with me?
The big dog always gets what he wants
Yes, I'm finally telling them to bite the big one.
It's my idea for making the hot dog great again.
Do you know where I can find 4 pounds of ketchup and mustard?
It may be time to admit that we're out of ideas.
Has the ventriloquism class started yet?
I think we're going to need a bigger bun.
Who ordered the Party Dog?
What? Today is a Bring your Dog to Work Day, isn't it?
They're downsizing in the cafeteria.
You said bring back a WINNER ?
It brings all the boys to the yard.
I've had it for more that four hours, and it won't go away.
Before you ask, yes it's Kosher
Let's be frank about this.
stop staring George, this is the small. The semi parked outside has the supersized.
It was Sarah Palin's idea. They're calling it 'The Donald'
Don't judge! It's my cheat day!
Would have been a billion dollars if only that 6 had been an 8
I just slipped out for a snack. Did the boss notice I was gone?
That's not what they meant when they said lead a dog's life...
Tell Governor Christie his afternoon snack has arrived.
I could've sworn I ordered 'Buns of Steel.'
I feel like everybody's laughing at my wiener.
Guess you're stayin' in for lunch today, eh Anthony?
Can you take a look at my dog.. He seems a bit feverish.
Oscar ordered it for the Wiener of the Year Award Office Party.
They went metric.
Without thinking, I asked for the Huey Lewis.
The big guy said hold the mustard and all his calls.
Under dog's newest hot item.
Excuse me. I'm looking for your backdoor entrance.
Have any mustard I could borrow?
You may have misunderstood the casting call for 'Man with Giant Wiener'
OK if I take an extra half hour for lunch today?
Delivery for a Mr. Kong...
Order me a gallon of mustard from supplies.
Well, for your information, as of tomorrow I'm becoming a vegetarian.
The economy may be better but its still dog eat dog.
It came out cheaper than 50 singles..
I just discovered Costco!
I'm a recovering carnivore and this is one of our twelve steps.
I may be working late tonight Joe ,
You want the short version or the long?
I don't think we should let Norman mess with the microwave anymore.
The DNC is going to affix this to a podium at the next Democratic Debate in order to counter the Republicans.
It's OK Jim, I'm on a Statin.
It's what happens when you tweet your order for ten foot-long hot dogs and your tweet dtops the last character.
Call Cooperstown. The steroid exhibit is ready to ship.
I got a lunch meeting with the big dogs
I thought kraut might be too messy.
What, you've never seen a guy carrying a hotdog before?
I forget, does the big boss prefer mustard or catchup?
Can Mr. Mustard squeeze me in?
Big lunch meeting today...
I'm not holding a big wiener. I'm holding a big frankfurter.
Subtlety isn't my strong suit.
Relish it.
The Selfie Stick was extra.
Awesome new food truck.
I decided it was time to start living large!
Lunch for everybody in the break room!
The secretarial pool wasn't happy with me being in the elevator with them.
They told me to bring in the big dog for the next meeting.
Don't worry, I told them to leave off the onions.
....But I gave up biting my nails!
it's hot and i.llo being working like a dog all weekend
Can you compensate for this, Bob?
From what sty did you hire these new traders?
What do you mean? Overcompensating for what?
I speak softly and swing a huge weiner.
I shudder to think what the employee of the year gets.
You wanted it all-dressed?
It's training day for Joey Chestnut.
It's humiliating - do you have any idea how many entries are going to be about the size of my penis?
Urgent delivery for Mr Big.
I know it's less subtle, but I cannot afford a Porsche.
It's called the Neanderthal diet.
It's an inflatable sandwich.
I know what you're going to say: 'Diggity, it's time to move on.' But Kevin, I NEED this laugh.
There's a case of mustard in the back. Can you please grab it?
All of our New York values aren't bad.
Which way is Big Data ?
I got a case of Grey Poupon for Christmas.
Mascot auditions?
Maury calls it 'The Donald'.
You know that's going to be a major return on your assets, right?
They did say you could bring your dog in on the first Friday of the month.
The boss has a new job performance category.
Urology appointment. Hold my calls.
If you must know...it's because I fumbled the Hebrew National account
Richard Serra is finally getting his revenge for that Tilted Arc
The award's yours this week.
Gee whiz, Harold. Who's going to eat a hot dog with a bun that short?
It's awkward and ungainly, but it just lacks condiments.
Well, we knew they weren't doing cash bonuses this year...
Where can I find the mustard department?
Everyone loves to share my lunch :)
I'm trying to pack lighter these days...
Don't say it.
I'm not judging your New Years resolutions!
Roy, you're gonna carry your weight—carry your weight, in hot dog.
Looks like I'm the lottery's big wiener.
Great Dane.
The boss said we'd be doing some role playing.
'They say I can lose weight without depriving myself.'
Smitty, hold my calls. I am going to relish this.
Have you seen Colonel Mustard?
Costco's finally entered the food truck market.
you're a bit early for your interview, Mr. Meyer
Sign me up for that Costco support group.
Why of course I'll share it with you - if you let me have some of your fries.
Take my advice, don't answer emails offering big wieners.
Please don't ask me how it's hanging
'Marv, it's the 'office Top Dog award', not the 'office Hot Dog award''.
We're gonna need a bigger microwave.
Delivery for 'The Donald.'
I'm taking a half day. My dog's not well.
'What are you doing for lunch today'?
Boss told me not to have a cow and I'm going to show him that's exactly what I plan to do.
Is it big enough?
Hold all my calls, get me some napkins, and see if you can scrounge up a few bottles of ketchup.
I'm heading over to the potluck staff lunch.
I'm sending it to New York, the new mayor will love it.
It's Super Bowl appetizer audition time, again.
I'm dog tired and I don't know why!
The boss told me to get my buns in there.
I got a ticket for walking him without a leash.
Hi Boss, I dropped my business card in the basket at Wilbur's Restaurant and I won the drawing for a Free Lunch for our entire office staff.
It's not what you think, I swear!
Mr. Weiner just got grilled by the boss.
The Uber guy banged me out...
Free condiments were quickly becoming an abused office perk.
The truck was totaled!
It was free.
I'm taking a long lunch today, Smith.
Is that lunch, or are you just glad to see me?
This is what working next to a vegan has done to me.
It's 'Take Your Dog to Work Day'. I hope he's safe.
“When I suggested a ‘five foot-long hot dog’ promotion to the client, it seems they heard it as a ‘five-foot-long hot dog‘ promotion.
It's too heavy with mustard on it.
We're doing lunch at your desk today, right?
I'm here to apply for the vendor's job at Giants Stadium
He quit the glutton-free diet.
I'll be taking a longer lunch today.
Hot diggity, dog what you do to me.....
I get really hungry around lunchtime, and Starbucks is too pricey for me!
This? Oh it's just a little something we cooked up in the lab.
Delivery for Ms. Parton....
Only one?
Do you have any Dijon?
You can't be serious. Inappropriate thinking?
Who let the dog out?
Larry, I'm taking a long lunch.
Is that a service dog?
Have you seen my bucket of mustard?
Why is this vibrating?
Don't worry its all Kosher
Deployment of the Trump wiener drone is going to protect our borders and make America great again!
No weiner jokes please.
He's scared of 'Cat'sup.
It must be some party, the boss wants condoms and mints too.
a simple exclamation would have been sufficient
I was feeling a bit inadequate...and hungry.
I need someone who can cut the mustard.
Bob told me to quit hot dogging it at work.
I wanted the lettuce wrap, but we're not there yet with GMOs.
Is it too much to ask for a bun as long as the hot dog?
Does this hot dog make my buns look big?
Hey, size matters.
First you've got to act like someone who deserves a giant hot dog.
Quick! Where do we keep the Costco mustard jar?
I'm here to feed Mr. Trump's ego.
It's all beef.
Not to worry. The bun is gluten free.
I thought you meant Big Oscar, not Big Anthony.
The new hotdoggity couch is guaranteed to seat four comfortably.
The guy who runs the footlong cart switched over to the metric system.
Call the warehouse, we'll need a forklift for the soda...
I think he'll get the message.
Who's got the tiny wiener now?
I hoped for the best, but I didn't prepare for the wurst.
Its for the company buffet.
Just got my annual bonus. Not a good year.
Typo in the takeout menu.
Delivery for the big cheese.
Wednesdays are my cheat days.
Pardon me, would you happen to have a bucket of grey pompon?
It's my turn to get the top dog his lunch.
It was dollar dog night at the Giants game.
Phew! Got the last one!
It fell off a car driven by a little man named Oscar. He'll pick it up tomorrow. No refrigeration needed.
Turns out Iran really wasn't trying to build nuclear weapons after all.
Mr. Trump's eating lunch in today.
Forgot my reusable bag again.
Jealous?
It's a surprise for my wife.
My other two wishes were ironically misinterpreted, too.
It should be enough for everyone!
Development swears it's GMO and gluten free!
Did you bring a gallon of mustard today?
Surf's up at Coney Island.
You know I'm a sucker for a bargain. This was only a buck and a half.
I'm happy the company rescinded its 'No dogs allowed' policy.
You should see the mustard and ketchup dispensers!
Widermeyer's dead. Nitrates.
I'm officially jumping off the paleo bandwagon in this office.
Plea bargain.
There's a note from your wife that says you need this.
Not Now, Fisk. I'm finally running with the big dogs.
No calls until I finish my meeting with Oscar.
Looks like you're the top dog now.
I forgot the mustard and relish.
My therapist tells me I've got issues with PETA.
I dont know why you look so surprised. I told you yesterday im bringing a hot dog for lunch.
You entered the wrong Costco item number.
It's been like this for over five hours.
Big meating.
Showing them I can cut the mustard.
It's the next big thing!
It's a new surfboard. It gives the sharks a different option.
They really do plump when you cook 'em.
Who ordered the jumbo hotdog?
Thank God it's kosher!
I always thought of you as the Big Enchilada.
I'm busy for lunch.
I didn't know what 'Venti' meant.
You know, Jim, sometimes a hot dog is not just a hot dog.
Did you want fries with that?
When I said 'Give me a ball park figure,' I wasn't being literal.
We've got to stop hiring from Texas.
Is my comfort dog allowed in the workplace?
Yes, it pays well, but it's not a job that I relish.
But it's a registered service dog.
He saw the hot dog cart before I could give him a trigger warning.
I'll be back after I walk the dog.
My region was named the Biggest Wiener this month. Whoever came up with this recognition program is the BIGGEST WEINER.
Delivery for Mr. Trump
Got us lunch from Costco Frank!
Please hold my calls.
My wife packed my lunch today.
If you think this is big, you should see my hamburger!
It's the takeout special from Goliath's Deli for Mr.Weinstein..I hope to hell it's kosher!
If I am what I eat, my childhood wish is about to come true.
All they had was TRUMPsize.
He said my product proposal doesn't cut the mustard.
Haven't you seen a circus sized hot dog before?
They sacked me.
Let's make hot dogs great again.
I probably should have been more specific.
I'm hanging with the big dogs.
Just put it next to the huge melons
Management is having a team-building lunch.
I don't know. I think we can still go bigger.
When I bit into it, it squirted into my mouth, I don't think I like that.
I've invented a new and improved radio/CD player!
He asked for lunch for 30, now he says 'separate boxes'.
'Turns out a Hybrid Wienermobile is almost 100% more expensive than rechargable 'Greenie Wienies''
I'm here to see Mr. Kobayashi.
No, what I said was I'm TRYING to go paleo.
Most people prefer life-size blow up dolls. I'm not one of them.
I finally figured out what's been dogging me.
I've never seen you quite so excited about a Bar-B-Que.
And my third wish was for the biggest wiener in New York.
Well, that was the wurst bring your dog to work day yet.
It's what Gov. Christie ordered.
As a matter of fact, Phil, today IS Bring Your Weiner to Work Day.
Haven't you heard about the blizzard?
Wait ‘til Costco’s gets a look at this
I am on a one meal a day diet.
You should see the guy's cart.
I'll be at lunch for the rest of the week.
Do you have any packets of mustard in your drawer?
Hold my calls for the rest of the day.
You're gonna need a bigger cafeteria!
Not only does it taste great but it's filling.
Yeah, it’s vibrating…So What!
Nathan's super-sized me.
Now who is the big dog in the office?
It's a power lunch.
Who let the big dogs out?
notable suspicious
Yeah, it's a huge hot dog. So what?
You know the company only gives us an hour for lunch.
Uh...do you know how to answer this thing?
I'm sorry sir, but we can only re-attach the original.
Just taking my dog for a walk.
I need to stop shopping at Costco.
The Donald Dog!
He's a purebred. All beef.
It's from that new Trump restaurant around the corner
But I heard he was a wiener Doctor .
Can we please give Anthony Weiner his cell phone back! This is much worse!
Mary Shelly would be scared of these new GMO Franks
It's part of a new customized corporate self evaluation program.
As a matter of fact, my name IS Oscar.
Unfortunately, size does matter.
Compensation package.
Hi, I'm O-S-C-A-R.
The new Enzyte Guy's stand is incredible!
It's the new dividend for pork futures.
We've really got to right-size around here.
I have seen Wurst
Isn't today bring your dog to work day?
Don't worry, according to my weight loss diet, you can have one hot dog a day.
I'm limiting myslf to one treat a month.
Happy 2016. I stopped being a vegan.
This is the last hot dog commercial I am ging to do
Al was singing 'Oh, I wish I was an Oscar Meyer Weiner', when.....
Mustard's in the trunk.
If you think this is scary you should see the fried chicken.
How's my tie?
I said I was a hot dog skier.
HR says this is what we can afford for this year's staff picnic.
I'm sick of this 'no eating at your desk' policy.
I had the wurst time reviewing those 1040s. I'll ketchup with you later.
Offended yet?
F.Y.I., they also sell jumbo gyros.
You didn't get the memo? It's 'bring your dog to work' day.
Broke loose from the Macy's parade.
I should've been more specific when I wished for a big wiener.
Because the government says I shouldn't.
I'm here to read for the part of 'man with his giant dog'.
Lunch for the board meeting is here.
It was a wiener you told me to go out and come back as, right?
What? You've never seen a guy with a giant wiener before?
Marc, we were ordered to do merger and mass production, not merger and massive product.
I heard someone is in a big pickle?
I have a lot to 'ketchup' on today.
I'll need extra time for lunch.
There's a man following me with a lot of sauerkraut.
They said it was too weird. Something about hot dogs being off-brand for Monsanto.
Monsanto carnival
Now we'll see who the weenie is.
Please send the freight elevator for my mustard packet.
I warned the FDA that genetically engineered hotdogs, would produced an imbalance in mustard, ketchup and pickle relish.
The rules said I could bring one food item on the trip.
So now you know, 'I' let the dogs out.
We have to do something about the GMO's in the company cafeteria
Eschatologically correct.
I have papers. It is a certified companion dog.
Mr. Froman wants to thank you for 'meating with me on Tuesday.'
Oh, just my New Year's resolution. It's glutton free.
The boss aught to relish this for a long time.
I got one for you too.
It is not hot and it is not a dog, any other questions?
Now I know what they meant by 'discretionary' bonus
Now let her tell me I can't keep it up.
Subway was too busy so I went to Jake's Dogs and got the Party Weiner for the office shindig.
Lunch at Costco is getting ridiculous
Sorry, I used up all of the ketchup.
It's my invention to compete with the foot-long.
I'll need a drum of relish and cancel my 3 o'clock.
Hey! Every diet has a cheat day.
What happens to profit if we double mustard consumption?
Larry was determined to thwart that lunch thief.
Boy, a guy can't even walk down the street with an enormous hot dog anymore without being accused of trying to compensate for something.
Years from now you're gonna pay for all the junk food you eat buddy!
Maybe it's time to phase out the supersized options from the menus at our franchises.
This is a wiener Samuel, I asked you to fine me a winner!
Send a note to everyone, I'm inviting you all for lunch!
Hello, I am here for my appointment. It seems as if my wiener dog has eaten a hot dog, and you know what they say you are what you eat.
I don't think I'll be able to mustard up an idea.
hey phil im going on my lunchbreak
Why do they sell hot dogs in ten pound packages but buns in only eight?
' Joe. That Hot Dog is bigger than this company'.
Will you please stop forwarding me all these links?
'I am in charge of the refreshments for today's office meeting'.
You really don't want to see how it was made.
They made me a 'big dawg'.
That was the best salesman I have ever met.
Mustard?
Doyle thinks he's so great with his new Mercedes, but just wait 'til he sees the size of my weiner.
So does that thing float?
This is bring your dog to work day!
Wiener envy?
Ir's a Donald Trump hot dog with New York values.
They 'supersized' the gluten-free menu.
Don't tell Bloomberg.
The Company picnic is pot luck!
Hold the bun and wiener comments, OK?
I assumed he was lying about the size.
I told Doris I found your weiner in the closet.
I'm the first half of the dog and pony show.
It's time to bring out the big dog.
He calls himself the Jolly MEAT Giant now.
I'm Frank.
A new street vendor is trying to get noticed.
HR said this violates their 'no nitrates' policy.
The dog needs neutering
No, I'm not compensating for anything in particular. I'm just hungry.
Can you give me a hand with the fries?
I got this a 7'11'
Every woman I talk to, even my girl friend, tells me that I'm compensating.
How do you think Gulliver would like this, with mustard or ketchup ?
Lots of ketchup work to do today.
I thought that I was going as the hot dog.
I'm the new 'hot-doggin' hire
I can't help but feel I am being undercompensated.
It's time for your appointment with the big dog.
Don't tell me you've never been tempted.
Big leagues, big dogs.
Where is the workplace sexual harassment class being held today?
Elevator or stairs?
I see what you’re saying.
Did you go to Costco and buy that ten gallon jar of mustard ?
The whole enchilada is so 20th century.
Wanna do the Tube Steak Boogie?
When I registered I specifically checked the '+1' box...
I thought I was buying 6 comma foot long hot dogs
Try wearing this on top of your head and seeing if it's funny.
Now tell me I don't have a dog in this fight.
Sometimes a big hot dog is just a big hot dog.
She said size doesn't matter, but it's not kosher.
Please, Tom, just forget about what you saw at the urinal.
I hate it when the children fix my lunch.
Jack the Giant Killer steals the Giant's hot dog sending him into a self-destructive rage
That's the last time I'm saying yes to a 'Supersized' meal
Mind if I ask what your bonus was this year?
I ordered the one-foot long dog and they set the one-foot wide one.
I won the cartoon contest.
I think Costco is taking this 'more value for your money' thing a little bit too far.
I ordered a month's supply.
You should have seen the size of the umbrella....
Where's the mustard?
I thought you said, Bigfoot long.'
Excuse me, did a giant catsup pass through here?
'Let's just leave it at 'a wish gone wrong''.
I relished my time here.
Is there any mustard in the coffee room?
It's just a ball park estimate, but frankly, I'd say this new sales project pitch is a dog.
Do you think I've been hot doggin' it around the office too much?
Thanks to GMOs, we have a new product -- the Frankenfood Frankfurter.
The new VP of Compensation
Mine's Bigger
Where can I heat this up?
It's bring your favorite Pet to the Office Day
I was afraid to ask for sauerkraut
I heard a rumor they were thinking of downsizing.
Do you think this might edge out the Big Mac?
You must be looking for Colonel Mustard. He's the one in the drawing room, with a wrench.
Jack in? He always requests a dog when he comes down. Oh. I hope he meant this kind...
Can you believe Brobdingnag Air charged me for an extra seat for this?
I got first place in the hot dog eating contest
Does meat go in the compost bin?
Remember that car that used to drive around town advertising Ned's Hot Dogs?
Mr. Steinbrenner told us to go big with new catering ideas.
Run down and get me a small Diet Coke.
Quick, does the Donald take ketchup or mustard?
I got the big wiener
Mind if I use your 'fridge, Tom?
It's a floatation device...not a sex toy!
I thought this was Bring Your Hotdog To Work Day.
But it's my therapy dog.
Yeah, I switched to the Jurassic diet, but I just don’t have time to kill a stegosaurus every day.
Boy, that certainly IS a big one!
I'm never going to Costco again.
I do not think that is what she meant.
These long stretch hot dogs are heavy and tough on my hernia, but I saved on the delivery charges by carrying it back to the office.
I've never felt so hungry on Bring Your Dog to Work Day.
Don't tell Kobayashi I stole his lunch.
I am here to audition for the role of 'over compensating male'.
My dog walker will be here in five minutes.
My doc told me that my cholesterol tanked and I should fix it right away.
I'm doing the lunch run for *Hustler.*
I'd like to talk to you about our therapy dog policy.
It's another potluck, right?
Consumers want to downsize portions? I say to hell with them.
I'm getting really tired of carrying Frank around here!!
It's my therapy dog.
Remember, the Green Giant doesn't want anyone to know about this.
We have a pitch this week.
Be right back, forgot the mustard.
Say 'hello' to Frank. He'll be replacing you.
So the deli delivered your lunch, you might want to start opening the mustard packages, we only have an hour.
Long night.
Anthony can't take a joke.
My wife thought this was in poor taste for our son's bris. I'm putting it in the lunchroom.
One last try to rebrand Antony Weiner.
After years of salad and warmed over pasta, I'm making a statement with my lunch.
The hot dog stand by the library's having a giant lunch-time special today.
The GMO experiment was a success. The truck with the beans is outside.
Ted, it's time for a frank discussion.
My new diet restricts me to one protein and one carb per day.
We ordered far too much mustard.
Wait, why are you looking at me like that? You didn't want mustard, did you?
They were out of burgers.
Neil wished he were an Oscar Mayer wiener one time too many.
Have you seen a very big jar of mustard?
They told me to go to Costco and pick up a hot dog, so I did.
Time to bring in the big dogs.
I think I should contact the FDA about Dr. Reemer's Magic Weiner Cream!
Jesus, Johnson!
Can you spot me 400 mustard packets?
Now why would I have Anthony Weiner's number on speed dial?
Frank I told you it was a bad idea. See what happens when you go to a superstore for lunch. Now you are going to have to buy a 55 gallon drum of relish.
I prefer to dip my hot dogs, like so.
The condiment people are on the way.
The super size only cost ten cents more!
I can't wait to hear Susan's vegan reaction to my lunch today...
Aw, come on Frank, when you going to break down and get yourself a new name tag?
Do me a favor and grab my Diet Coke
I think the genie misunderstood my last wish.
Jim, have I ever told you how much your left-handed mouse weirds me out?
Big matters too !
Could you call someone to come have a look at our microwave?
We're gonna need a bigger ball park.
Sorry, I only bought one.
Where is the Staff Meeting?
Your lunch delivered, sir.
This is the Cruz proposal to replace food stamps. We're on in five.
If my wife calls, tell her I'm eating a huge hot dog.
Lunch truck didn't show so I went to Costco.
I really loathe 'Take Your Hot Dog to Work Day...'
It's a Hebrew Global.
You should have seen the drone that delivered it.
It actually is the size of the dog in the fight.
This was the only super-size the had left...
It was the lunch special at Costco
It's for theTrump rally.
Don't women like big ones?
Don't push 'zoom' on the 3D printer.
Oriental Trading Company...
It's a compulsion. Sorry. I'm just taking it to my office.
Yes, mine's bigger.
I lost my bet with Francis Furter.
It's not exactly a raise, but I'll relish it.
Marketing thinks the Roll should be larger
The condiment crew is right behind me.
Don't worry -- it's gluten free.
I couldn't just leave it at home.
Let's be frank, you're not cutting the mustard
Super size failed so let's try extra-super-plus.
Watch this while I go back for the big soda.
I just came from Costco.
I have to go back for the mustard.
Bob in IT says these new access points are wireless and skinless.
I'm sorry, did you order the 12' or the 12' hotdog?
It's just lunch. No pressure.
Damnit, Steve. You always have to find a way to suck up to Governor Christie.
It's my security franket.
It's my lunch. I'm going surfing.
I'll need help with the ketchup and mustard.
The new bonus is all-natural beef, supposedly.
Play dumb if you see a guy in an Oscar Meyer cap come through here.
Now I see why Nathan's is famous!
Planning NEVER to go 'out' to lunch again!
Saving a fortune at Costo again??
Remember when you asked for a bigger weiner?
The boss said I was a big wiener.
What do you know about furniture design?
I know what you're thinking, but the bun is gluten-free!
Which way to the focus group room?
they always said you were a real hot dog
I hate parade season
It's for The Donald. Everything has to be the biggest.
How can they say this isn't a service dog?
When it comes to bonuses around here, wiener size matters.
It's going to be a long lunch.
It's the cheat day for my new diet.
This way you can't see the mustard stain.
I'm beginning to think the term 'natural' means nothing on labels.
Is this the condiment building?
Tom, you were suppose to order six foot-longs!!!
I'm off to sexercise
It _was_ my child's homework.
Are you a 42 long?
On the internet, he said he was a bulldog
We got the Hebrew National account.
It's COSTCO's new family-sized Polish
Who'd want an inflatable hot dog?
They told me I was the big weiner.
I found this in the parking Garage! Do you want to go halfsies?
It was just sitting there on the lunchroom table so I figured it was fair game.
This supersize option is getting out of hand.
Tom, this is not what the flier ment when it encouraged everyone to bring 'one' item for the office potluck.
Just because I'm the junior partner shouldn't mean I have to walk his dog.
If you want mustard you take it back to Coney Island.
Feeding the sweatshop.
A vegan would have got the gold watch.
First day in the Frankfurt office?
Hank and Mary have the super-sized fries and onion rings.
Geez Johnson, that's some weiner you've got there!
lmao check out my new phone
This what happens when you put Trump in charge
What? My turn to bring lunch for the department, and the warehouse club had a discount. The 55 gallon vat of mustard is coming up the service elevator, so we're good!
'I am sorry. I am out of mustard'.
Bring Your Dog to Work Day is TODAY, right?
Sir, when I finish eating this may I use your bathroom?
It worked!
Frankly, it's the only thing I relish about this job.
Hot diggety dog! Ya gotta love the Costco food court!!!
Am I late for the big meating?
To the patio––these things taste better outside.
...if snowed in...we'll need to prep for a few days of lunch...
The 3-D printer is on the fritz.
My therapist thinks I try too hard to compensate.
Excuse me while I take this call.
That vendor is getting so cheap, look how small the buns are now.
I know you told me to walk your dog, but where's the leash?
Meet Carlos Danger!
Don't you think we thought of that? Banana didn't work; big ape's still up there.
The dogwalker cancelled on me today
Any ketchup packets in your top drawer?
I'm the new tech weenie.
I don't think that's what they meant by 'Bring your dog to work'
I'm trying to seduce Huma Abedim.
I'm going to see the doctor. It's been this way for over four hours.
What?? It was on sale.
You forgot the mustard again!
The inflatable doll was not available.
Demoralized by the organic food craze, Withers embraced death-by-nitrate as the only solution.
What do you think? Ketchup would, in fact, be a huge faux pas.
Don't tell me it's not organic!
In his professional life,Randall was know to take things to whole new levels.
It's Anthony's.
I told you I wanted mustard on my dog
For the last time Bill, you can't bring your dog to work.
Who ordered the T Rex foot-long?
I hate getting lunch for the Jolly Green Giant.
I figured it was better than having a big orange head
Now the boss says he needs a gallon of mustard!
GMOs, schmeMOs Murphy...just call GrubHub and get us a keg of mustard, pronto!
I got a really frank performance review.
Claes Oldenburg has mutilated this city and it’s time we did something about it!
Colonel Mustard will see you now.
My doctor cut me down to one hot dog a week.
Bring Your Dog to Work is tomorrow??? You're kidding.
What I won't do for a ballpark frank!
I've had it with the Polish jokes.
I don't hide my weiner!
The script calls for a wiener dog, not a . . .
Going out for some mustard.
Tell my wife I had a salad.
Suddenly it dawned on Phil that his editor's critique of his underuse of the colon was punctuational in nature.
There's only room for *one* big weenie in this office, Johnson. Now, pack up your belongings, this frankfurter has work to do.
This overcompensating thing has gone too far, Frank.
I had a Groupon.
I have to frank with you, Stan. I hate our new wiener of a boss.
Can I be frank with you, boss?
I'm looking for wiener wifi.
Don't tell Dagwood about this.
Stop looking at me with hot dog envy.
Would you by chance happen to have several thousand ketchup packets on you?
You can only take one weapon into the vegetarian gladiator pit.
Haven't you heard that the Dietary Guidelines for Americans have just been liberalized?
So...the macrowave works.
Do what you want, Dan, but you're going to lose your microwave priveleges again.
When mister big dick comes in, send him to my office.
I'm preparing food for the month in case the stock market crashes again.
Interviewee: 'Don't worry. He's my therapy dog.'
Serving sizes these days...
What!? I'm having guests for lunch.
Its for Anthony's movie opening.
No, not really. Why? Do I look happy to see you?
I said 'jumbo-size me'.
Think I need a little longer lunch break today!
It answers to a larger authority.
I thought you ordered everything on it?
I know I don't need a large phallic symbol. I just stopped to see if you have a gallon of mustard.
This is for Merv's head stone. He was a huge Mets fan.
I'm on the paleo diet. It's a mastodog.
Are YOU prepared for Winter Storm Jonas?
I asked them to supersize my salary.
If anyone calls, I'm taking a long lunch.
this is my new easy chair!
It never fails, I always have to go out for the mustard.
That 3D printer is better than the cafeteria!
Oscar Weenies won't start showing wheels until puberty.
If I'd bought the soda I'd be in prison now.
I know they didn't order six foot-long hot dogs?
My New Year's resolution was to limit myself to one hotdog a day. 25th day and still going strong!
Costco for lunch again???
Did you eat lunch yet?
Frank and I have work to ketchup on
Griggs, it looks like supersizing has reached its limit.
Are you the Big Cheese or the Biggest Cheese?
Indeed, we are in a bubble. Mustard?
Man size hot dogs are only $3.99 at 7 Eleven today.
I heard it was take your dog to work day ...
Oh come on, Randy. You KNOW it's just a great meal in a bun.
They say, 'Go big or go home.' Unfortunately, I've achieved both.
Don't worry, he's housebroken.
The Big Dawg is here to see you!
I told the vendor outside I wanted a large. I meant a large water.
When did the microwave get so small?
Hey Bill.' 'Oh, hey Don.
It's quicker to bring my own lunch.
May boss told me to take a longer lunch today!
It seems'tall' only means 'small' in Starbucks
I'm going paleo - a la Flintstone.
Someone put Viagra in the mustard.
I'll have to go back for the diet soda.
You are what you eat. I want to be the big dog.
I'm ready for Snowzilla
Hold my calls and the ketchup but relish this moment.
Now, even the cartoons have to somehow be about the size of his ego, or he'll buy the magazine and fire us all.
Yeah, but you should see Jones in accounting; he's bringing the grill for this silly Texas-themed party!
You would not understand. It's an architect's thing.
Did you know the hot dog stand is now owned by a congolese?
Call the doctor if I haven't eaten this in 4-6 hours.
Here's the wurst case scenario.
Unfortunately for Jeff, Viagra's effects would persist for over 4 hours.
Tuesday is the Too Big To Fail lunch special.
I'm taking him upstairs to answer to a higher authority.
Hot dogging it Mr. Jones? It's my day to bring lunch for accounting.
My turn to bring lunch.
Uh, had it shipped to work by accident...
Does the 5-second rule apply to the entire hot dog or just the part under my armpit?
goes with my fantasy football
I finally got that link you sent me.
It wasn't my first choice but they arrested the big enchilada.
It was too cold for my dachshund to come, so I brought another wiener dog.
A potluck in Marketing.
Frank, into my office fast! The client's on his way and I can't get the blue tooth paired.
Off to my night job.
I insisted Viktor tell his team that the next prototype must be a big winner.
I thought if I hid the device in a giant wiener for the security test, the TSA would catch it, but all they confiscated was the 8 ounce mustard bottle.
He wants a larger bun before he will go for a walk.
He wants you to get him a soda. Use a forklift from the warehouse.
They were out of 6 foot subs...
Can you do some ad copy for a non-GMO product?
Quick.. Google Bulk Mustard
It's my turn to bring lunch.
It's from our new client, the Jolly Brown Hot Dog.
The Big Dog is here to see the Big Cheese.
It is take your dog to work day, isn't it?
Eat more kale' just wasn't doing it for me.
I figured that if I put it on a bun, nobody would notice the size.
If you ever want to fit in around here, Jerry, you've got to stop that left-handed mousing.
When I said Get Big Frank I meant the tall guy
I resolved to cut back to only one hot dog per week.
It's something like the big enchilada.
Better get moving! He wants it Chicago style!
The combo is illegal these days.
I hope he doesn't notice I'm wearing the same shirt as yesterday.
We've sold cocktail weenies for years, but I now present you with the keg weenie!
Cowabunga, dude!
I won this at the hot-dog eating contest.
Sometimes lunch is just lunch.
I've had him since he was a little cocktail weenie.
This? Its Anthony's weiner.
I got the Oscar Myer account!
I'm delivering lunch for the Big Dog.
I've put on some extra weight recently. I knew I shouldn't have followed those outdated government guidelines.
Let's see how many of these that Japanese guy can eat.
Sometimes you've just gotta think outside the bun!
Careful you don't bite more than you can chew.
On line catering is a competitive business.
My computer typing was cut off after 'Hot diggity...'
You should see the potato salad.
With relish he said, 'I was a hotdog that did not cut the mustard and that I would never catch-up with current marketing trends.' Personally I think he was just hungry.
These days, it's not enough to just bring home the bacon.
Well, at least the bun is gluten-free.
Ordered from the wrong Über app again.
Tell the boss, I found a way to get the client to play ball with us.
Yes, it's a giant kielbasa, but there's nothing to analyze.
Don't blame me, my mother packed it.
It's ok, he's a serve us dog!
Top Dog for the Big Cheese
Here's the beef
And the Oscar goes to... Jeff, from accounting!
Here are the 'ballpark' figures you requested.
Every once in awhile is fine.
I thought I was supersizing the french fries.
Dick, let me be frank with you. You have a big weiner!
Do we have a Macrowave?
Tell me when the mustard truck gets here
I have been working like a dog....
When I said 'Bring me the Big Dog' I meant the Person running the company!!
The chili dog was just too messy.
Yeah, nobody will say I wasn't prepared for snowmaggedon.
Well Steve I'm a little disappointed, when I asked your department to provide lunch for the 20 delegates I was expecting something with a little more class ?
Mr. Mayer has a demanding schedule. Please catch up on his calls.
If you want mustard, YOU go up the beanstalk this time.
What? You said under-promise and over-deliver.
I'm pregnant.
Stupid Genie, my third wish was for...
There's a guy with a giant bottle of mustard who's been following me all day.
It's not exactly what I had in mind when I told the boss I was ready to run with the big dogs.
This is the wurst that could happen.
Remember Bill, you promised not to ask me about 'The Big Dawg' diet!
The note said: 'Heimlich, please maneuver this through the passageway.'
It was the last one.
The boss says to make the books look like they're in the ballpark.
You didn't see a gallon of mustard around here, did you?
Why so surprised? It's Take Your Dog to Work Day today!
Shhh...It's a surprise.
I don't have a daughter.
My diet limits me to one hot dog per day.
What do you mean the Jolly Green Giant is no longer a vegan?!
It's wireless.
Can I keep it?
Do you think they know this is an offering? Ooor??
There's Viagra in the mustard!
You really don't need to go to such lengths to impress the boss. Frankly, I find that distasteful.
Don't breathe a word to Accounting.
I traded Mom's cow for it, because it came with six huge, magic baked beans.
Can you believe it-- this was a 'small.'
What do you suppose it's gonna cost to send this to Oregon
I decided to pick up lunch at Sam's Club.
They were running a special at the GMO hot dog hutch
I didn't realize today was bring your dog to work day!
You did not tell me you were going to Costco for lunch.
I had to - it only cost 99 cents more.
I'm ready for the 3 o'clock meating.
I won the 'biggest hot dog in the office award.'
I said lean in, not lean beef.
The downsizing committee says my meeting with them can wait till I've finished lunch.
They ran out of steak for the' Lion King.
They're trying to shoot the final scene, but the ape is hungry.
Forget the foot-long. Go for the three-yarder!
If you're not first in line they run out of mustard.
My diet limits me to one.
It contains no rbGH's, no GMO's, just free range organic testosterone.
Do you notice anything wrong here? No Mustard!
It's not. It comes with a salad instead of fries.
You don't have 500 little mustard packets I could borrow, do you?
I'm sticking to my 'eat just one' new year's resolution.
Meet the new hot dog in sales.
'You won't know till you try one'.
Remember, Harry, always speak softly and carry a big dog.
Trump's opened a hot dog stand called 'Mine's Bigger Than Yours!'
Now do you believe me?
It was in my spam folder.
My wife said I should be running with the big dogs.
He thought I was kidding when I said, 'I'm so hungry I could eat your sign.'
The Mayor seized your Big Gulp.
oversized Yeah- but you should have seen the size of the Sabrett's Umbrella!
Forgot your lunch?
I'm looking for Dr. Freud.
We're calling this export, The Great Dane.
We're hoping China will reverse engineer it.
Frank was always hot-dogging around the office.
Can you give me a hand with the pickle?
It's a delivery from the artist formerly known as Carlos Danger.
It's global warming...
This is to go with the season tickets for the boss.
They can't say I don't have a dog in this fight.
I had the wurst commute!
THIS is a 'Big Weenie'!!
Take this DUG and shove it.
You said you were hungry.
Bigger isn't always better, but I'd just feel naked without it.
I said, 'Chicago style!'
Herb. Gotta pay attention when ordering online!
Since when are there open-carry restrictions in Judge Frankfurter's office?
Come on, I didn't get a lunch break yesterday.
'Just bringing lunch for this year's Nathan's Finest '.
I'm sick to death of PowerPoint presentations
The Internet of Things is out of control!
Someone misunderstood my workers compensation request.
I love the 'take your dog to work' idea, but I hate having to take him out for a walk.
Had a fender bender with the wienermobile this morning.
It was carry-out only special.
You asked for a frank rendition.
Here you go, Pete. Hope your eyes aren't bigger than your stomach.
They're now saying that lunch should be your biggest meal of the day.
Can you watch this for a moment? I forgot the ketchup.
They were out of jumbo dogs.
They call it the Moby Dick.
I'm sorry, I thought you wanted more inflation.
Extra relish is on its way.
No, I'm definitely not happy to see you.
IS MR RIPLEY IN
I told you during the interview that he wasn't a team player...
I've been assigned some lousy projects, but this one's the wurst.
It's a hot dog. Why do you ask?
Sorry Boss ... I could only carry your Colossal Dog. I'll have to go back for your Hogshead Cola.
In what room is Dr Burgher cutting the mustard?
The marketing guys say the foot long is passe
Condiments weren't included.
Lets have a frank and open discussion.
I assure you: it's not what it looks like.
Harold's latest therapy for overcoming locker room shyness was proving to be quite cumbersome.
No, no, no. The boss said, Top Dog!
Costco super-sized me.
Think the boss will notice that I'm dogging it now?
I’m out of here, the boss said top dog, not hot dog.
It's my constitutional right to brandish this in public, Jim, so stop looking at me that way every day at lunch.
You said your wife would never let you have a 6-foot dog at home.
You should have seen the size of the street vendor's cart.
And it was only 99 cents...
My companion dog.
Balloonagram just arrived for Shkreli. You want to bring it in?
Careful-George asked for mustard and relish and now we can't find him.
I think the 3-D printer settings are off again.
The memo said, 'Bring your dog to work.'
Bill's childhood wish came true.
I left it in the microwave for too long.
I know you wanted us to call you 'Big Dog' sir, but I think this is a bit much.
Where's the ketchup and mustard?
I'm hungry. You got a problem with that?
I picked up lunch while I was at Costco.
Sure, but there are only eight buns to a pack.
It didn't cut the mustard.
It only looks giant to you!
H.R. wants to know when, exactly, it started vibrating.
This weeks case is a bunch of Bologna
Size matters when it comes to some things.
It's from one of our vendors.
I'm expecting delivery of a barrel of mustard.
Hey Randy, how do you feel about GMOs?
You should see the chili dog...
Some lunches are losers. This one's a wiener.
The hot dog cart is having a giant sale!
They insisted that you ordered a 'Hot Biggity Dog.'
I say to hell with the Mayor’s nutritional guidelines!
The Giants won 5-1
The boss has adopted 3-D performance reviews.
I thought 'Take Your Dog to Work Day' was tomorrow...
You got a haircut. It looks good.
You did bring the mustard, right?
Today IS 'Take Your Dog to Work' day, right?
I'll have to nuke it in the macrowave.
THIS IS THE SECOND HALF OF THE TWOFER I JUST ATE.
These are replacing our raises.
Larry, I'm gonna need you to clear my schedule.
I need to see Dr. Frankfurter, stat!
Just showing the boss I can run with the big dogs.
Yeah, but they said the same thing about paperclips.
Marketing department.
The top dog can't cut the mustard, apparently.
Behind door number 1 was a new car and door number 3 was a Caribbean Cruise.
Gotta' go back. I forgot to ask for mustard.
I'm Frank from human resources.
Cause if I was an Oscar Mayer weiner, everyone would be in love with me.
This is what happens when Obama says he doesn't like hot dogs.
Oh, Frankfurt conference?
I've gone blind
There's 2 more in the truck.
Now if I had the balls to go with it, I'd walk in there and quit my job.
The meeting ran late so I just had time to grab a hot dog.
I heard what you said Kevin, but this was the largest one I could find
Yes, I know. I'm compensating.
Nathan, you deserve a long lunch.
It came with a note that said ' I hear that you are a Trump supporter'.
It's part of my compensation package.
I've got a meeting with the big cheese.
I ordered ten Foot Long Dogs NOT one 10-Foot Long Dog!
Genetically engineered.
I was skeptical at first, but these meal enhancement pills really work.
Any ketchup packets?
I asked them to super-size my foot-long.
We'll see who's the biggest hotdog at this week's conference!
No, no relish...can you credit it, that was extra!
So I guess you're in the 'size matters' camp.
I ordered take-out from Costco.
Evidently, to break a record I have to eat all of this in under ten minutes.
I was going to give her a giant teddy bear for Valentine's Day, but I think this works on another level.
It was a bargain.
I'm not submitting it to Guinness, just to Nathan's !
They said it was going to be a long meeting.
Pardon me, Bob; do you have about a gallon of Grey Poupon?
Don't worry, the Nathan's contest isn't until July.
I hate Bring-Your-Dog-to-Work-Day.
You hungry?
Weiner just fired everyone in social media.
Trump wants to prove he is the biggest hit dog.
My doctor told me not to eat more than one hot dog a week.
I was under the impression this office was dog-friendly.
Until there's a definitive answer on GMO, I'm enjoying myself.
Uber just delivered our first, shared-economy lunch.
The guys said this is what the boss expects in his office.
Oh' this is for the Ladies !
We used it for the team-building exercise.
Does is seem like the price of hotdogs has gone up?
You look surprised.
The boss called me in for a big frank discussion, and I wanted to show initiative.
It's OK, it's certified organic.
I just couldn't pass up the volume discount.
Sorry Johnson, but Bring Your Dog To Work Day is next Friday.
Our current cutbacks at the slaughter house will come to bite us.
I won it at Coney Island!
Yes -- but I'm cutting out dessert!
Spread the word - anybody with spare mustard packets, lunch is on me.
What!? My doctor says I'm allowed one a week.
The mustard is coming up in the freight elevator.
Can you think of a better way to move Donald's suppositories?
I stopped by Costco
The boss invited Joey Chestnut for lunch.
Oh, you wanted six hot dogs one foot long?
Would you believe they charge an extra fifty bucks for relish?
Yes, I do. Thank you for noticing … oh, wait … you mean the one I'm holding, don't you?
Al, can you cover me? I gotta take the dog out.
Good thing I didn't get the 'jumbo' size.
Derrick, you aren't 'dogging' way to the top here!
I left the game early because the Giants were losing.
There are plenty of others down in the locker room
The big buy's hungry.
The dog walker called in sick.
'My date said that I have a big weenie?
Tell him Frank's here to see him!
Bachelor party - don't ask.
Meeting with the big dogs today.
Is that your lunch or are you just happy to see me?
Did you forget mustard again?
The new guy got mixed up on what he was bringing to the potluck. It was supposed to be cocktail weenies and a six-foot sub.
I get super hungry when I'm working all day. Don't you?
I really got tired of hitting that food truck every doggone day.
Special delivery for a 'Colonel Mustard.'
I'm looking for our lunch meeting.
It's fortifed with Viagra.
I knew that using the R&D department microwave was a bad idea.
Afternoon snack for the BIG BOSS
It was on sale, I just couldn't resist.
It's a surfboard with subliminal advertising.
The new girl from accounts payable jumps out just before the mustard.
The taxi was really rough this morning.
Package for you from 'itsjustlunch.com.
They ran out of doggie bags.
He wants me to think big.
You should have seen first prize!
Yes, you're hearing biplanes.
I start my vegan diet tomorrow.
You should see the size of my condiments.
Because Glenn just happened to be in the office early that day, Larry was outed. Not only was he not a vegetarian, but he had a serious addiction to nitrates and rat hairs.
It's a Claes Oldenburg for the boss's office.
I thought you had given up sexting.
I tera-sized it. They bring the drink and fries with a free hand cart.
Three bucks! No wonder Carnegie Deli went belly up.
What happened to gluten-free vegetarianism?
Potluck for his farewell party.
It's a hoverboard prototype...runs on relish.
Here. Hold this while I run down and get a a soft drink.
Is Colonel Mustard still in his 3:00 o'clock?
She asked me to take it back because I forgot the mustard and relish.
When hazing interns at investment banks has gone too far . . .
Follow me in with the ketchup.
On my diet I get to have one hot dog a week.
If you see a guy with a wheelbarrow of relish, show him in.
'I'm taking lunch to The Big Cheese'.
It's all about thinking outside of the bun.
It was on the list of sanctions against Iran
Don't make this dirty, Steve
I got it down the street at 'The Endowed Dog.'
The vendors at the Giants game had a clever promotion today.
It looks like we have been downsized.
Compensating? What are you talking about?
I mistakenly ordered the foot-wide.
I'm running with the big dogs now.
You said your one wish was for a big wiener. Is this what you meant, sir?
Nathan's Big & Tall. Why?
Frank-Sized bun, Bun-Sized frank. It's time for a truce.
Just don't think of a giant hot dog at the office.
It's my turn to bring snacks for the meeting.
This is the Donald special.
It's gluten-free, vegan, and lo-carb... but Kosher it is not.
And does your wiener have a security badge?
Is the Top Dog ever going to bring his own lunch?
Have to take the stairs.
'Do you have a quart of mustard I could borrow?
Its been way more then 4 hours...
Cancel all my appointments.
There's food in the conference room from the Green Giant pitch.
I decided to take the lump sum payout.
Josh, you know the rules, Service Dogs Only.
We may need to reschedule tonight's dinner plans!
Lunch delivery for Steven Tyler.
You should see the super sized.
Hold all calls for the next couple of weeks
looks like your new years resolution didn't last too long
Stocking up for the blizzard.
I'm going to need help with the soda.
It's exactly what it looks like.
I think I'll stay for all of the innings this time.
I thought you wanted a venti.
They were out of onions again!
Who says I can't cut the mustard ?
Is it lunchtime or are you just happy to see me?
Downsize this, Freddie.
Service dog.
I plan on being frank.
Another cricket match?
Do you think the boss will like my present?
It's Nathan's answer to the Big Mac.
Hold my appointments. I am taking a long lunch.
A new creation from the corner hot dog vendor: The 'Trump Dog'; hold the relish, hold the mustard, hold the ketchup - just one big dog trying to be smothered by inflated, en'rich'ed white 'party' buns.
Don't worry Carl, the cutbacks are just to the boxed lunches,we still have mustard.
Can we turn the AC down? He's getting a little chilly.
I heard hot dog jumbo, not the dog from Trumbo...
We'll see who the big dog in this office is now.
Have you seen the mustard guy? I need him.
I went to the Donald Trump rally and he made my penis great again, but I dropped it on the way to work and now I gotta wear this cast.
A new practice strategy for Nathan's Marathon.
I’m really behind on work and need to ketchup.
You said to go to Big Foot's.
Damned Costco was out of mustard!
It's all they had on the vending machine
I'm sorry,but you're going to have to help me carry in your drink.
It was awful, the Wienermobile was totaled. It's last words were, promise me to raise him without ketchup.
I told you - I'm taking a long lunch.
I'm on the Frankfurter a Day Diet.
What.... They ran out of relish.
My doctor said one a week was O.K.
Frankly, this isn't working.
No fries today---I'm dieting.
Pardon me, would you have a quart of Grey Poupon?
I forgot the deli has gone metric.
Mr. Trump insisted I use his Nathan's reward points.
It is too allowed on Weight Watchers..but it has to last for next 30 days..
Why do I always have to feed Trump?
My wife bought mustard at Costco.
I've always said we need an office dog.
America'
Lunch just arrived, I'll put in it the staff room.
Sometimes, it's only a hot dog,'though I know, I know, Freud was talking about cigars.
I know, I know...the vendor was all out of both mustard and sauerkraut! Unbelievable!
I think we need to cut down on the GMO ingredients.
My New Year's resolutions only apply to January.
Yes, my phallic symbol is bigger than yours and includes gourmet mustard.
I shouldn't have poured water on it.
They supersized the foot long.
Sure, it's impressive but I'll never beat Dan in accounting.
Where do you want me to put this?
I'll get right on it as soon as I finish my lunch.
It's become more of a curse than a blessing.
I should have been more specific with my third wish.
I have a 10 o'clock appointment with the marriage counselor.
I'm afraid it won't fit in here...or anywhere. Nor, will you. Were you high?
There's a new top dog around here.
I'm working through lunch and dinner.
My doctor told me I'm not getting enough gluten.
Me and my associate are resigning from Vegan World Digest.
It's my commemorative 50-inch Super Bowl Hot Dog.
Tiny ordered this.
I'm hungry. I'm going to bed.
I asked for eight foot-longs.
Can you give me a hand with the relish?
It's the new venti from Nathan's.
It's for our office meeting!
I think a name badge would have been more appropriate.
You have a message from Claes Oldenburg, Sir.
Delivery for Anthony.
I'm looking for a really big jar of relish.
The hot dog guy assured me, I have the biggest weiner on Wall Street.
I'm Roy Lichtenstein, Here to see Dr. Nathans
Jim, where is the mustard?
Try to find THIS at IKEA!
It's just my service dog.
The memo said today is bring your dog to work day.
How ya doing, Frank?
I need to ketch-up on something...
Sir, umm Joey Chestnut is on line 1. Your dignity, still holding, line 3...
I like bringing my dog to work, but I don't like the way the other dogs look at him.
Tell Mr. Trump his order is here.
So much for growing the workforce.
Let's see Joey Chestnut eat 60 of these
Sorry boss, but size does matter.
I'm starting to feel the effects of corporate up-scaling.
Why does everyone say that?
Higgins is brainstorming a new medical campaign. Guess what this represents.
I hate when Mr. Kobayashi orders fast food.
This is admin's reply to our request for a dining room.
This 'make America great again' thing is getting out of hand.
If your going to promote a 'Big Dog' like this you need to have gallon size containers of mustard on hand.
Oscar's having a panic attack.
I'm stocking up in case we get snowed in.
What's scary is that this thing seems to be alive.
Col. Mustard is expecting me.
Not quite wiener mania, but damn close.
No Grey Poupon. You okay with that?
A prototype is already providing valuable intelligence about mustard consumption in Beijing.
Itzik, all kidding aside, trust me, whatever he said It's not Kosher!
It's HR's employee of the year award.
It's with vegan mayonnaise.
Looks like the microwave needs further calibration.
Could I take an extra hour for lunch today?
Oscar Meyer brief case
So THAT'S what happens after 4 hours!
It's not a Jeff Koons, just Anthony's selfie sculpture.
What a freakin' weiner
Give me a few minutes to get a bucket of cole slaw and your snack will be ready.
This was the only thing left in the vending machine.
I guess this will show the boss who can cut the mustard.
They're gluten-free.
You wanted a diet Coke, right?
Just don't order the whopper.
Sometimes I drill so hard I make my own hole.
The fast food sales war is getting out of hand.
Wait 'til you see the hot fudge sundae.
The Board didn't approve. They saw the bun as innuendo.
Not to worry. It's glatt kosher.
I'm going in to see the Big Cheese.
Which way to the mustard barrel?
It's been four hours, doc. They said to come to you
Do you know where they put that barrel of sauerkraut?
Sometimes, a large hot dog is just a large hot dog.
Guess he wasn't the underdog after all.
You should have seen the vendor cart!!!!
THIS SHOULD HELP GET THAT APE OFF THE SIDE OF THE BUILDING.
Have you seen 'The Revenant' yet, Jim?
'I have the condiments in my office..' '
With recent news about processed meat my doc is limiting me to one hotdog a year
I don't usually eat like this.
You should see the mustard.
What do you mean, 'Bill forgot to bring the condiments'?
Hey Joe, can you help me with that damned 3D printer?
The free samples at Costco are getting better.
I won't tell if you won't.
Can we speak frankly?
I know it's not good for me. That's why I limit myself to one a year.
Run with the big dogs he said... this is not what I thought he meant.
Oh I think Mr Mayer WILL want to see me
It's a Paleo thing.
Hold my calls, I'm taking a long lunch.
I'm not sure that 'Moby Dick on a Bun,' is really what we want for a seafood dog.
The boss asked me to make a concession speech.
Oscar Mayer and Pfizer are promoting and new product.
They call it the weeklong.
This week's Costco special.
It's the new Hot Dog 6S.
Sorry, it's the last one they had!
How bout splitting some takeout from Costco
Joe Weiner at your service.
Mustard leak on the 9th floor.
But the bun is gluten-free.
You would think that at the government Miniaturization Lab somebody would have told the cafeteria.
...and now I'm saddled with this giant wiener!
Sir! No dogs allowed inside.
Frank said he'd cover for me.
Pardon me, do you have a gallon of Grey Poupon?
I'm allowed one sandwich per day
Don't mind my service human.
I've got to go put a bun in the oven.
Just one apostrophe is fine, you said.
I've got a big lunch meeting.
What? My wife likes her hotdog in a bun.
My wife already told me I have a problem turning down a good deal...
Wife packed me lunch. I think she might be trying to send some sort of message...
Yes, of course I'm skipping the bun.
Jim, bring your oversized hot dog to work day is next Wednesday!
So this is our new severance package. Yeah, they’re definitely compensating for something...
The women aren't as impressed as the men.
Frank is here to see Oscar Mayar Wiener
Advertising, Frank. Nothing excites interest in the picnic like this little baby.
This is Colossal. You should see the Super Colossal.
You'd think I'm compensating for something. But actually, it's a tofu dog on a gluten free bun.
Really? Well then, I'd better hide it in my drawer.
I had to get the smaller one off of the kids' menu as they had run out of the regular sized ones
It's been mega super-super sized for a quicker cardiac arrest.
My shrink said I should get a big dog.
The doctor says my nitrates are low.
Please hold my calls for the rest of the month
I met Oscar Mayer and he has a pretty big wiener.
We couldn't find a carpet to roll Mrs Palin in. Do you think Mr Trump will notice
Good work, Fred, but I'm sure we're loosing money on the condiments.
The big dog wants the big dog.
I thought hot dogs for a hundred people meant a hundred hot dogs.
But we're showing that you already attended the Violence In The Work Place seminar. Can't we just talk this out?
A pass? It's not a concealed weapon.
Usually they don't start wiggling until a couple hours after I eat them.
I'm taking it back. They forgot the mustard.
The boss says I need to boost my output.
Can you give me a hand with my chocolate shake? It's stuck in the elevator.
This compensating is really taking a toll on my cholesterol.
It's the new McDonald's special.
Quick, I need a punchline!
I think it likes you.
Where's the lunchroom? It's my first day.
He's running for Congress again.
Cancel my afternoon appointments.
Uh Bob, did you super size the fries too?
Couldn't resist, it was a red hot sale.
I thought you deserved a Rolex, but ...
No, it doesn’t have a middle name.
Behold, the future of the company
I wish everyday was 'Bring your dog to work day'.
I quit MSG for GMO.
Can you give me a hand with the mustard jar?
I got your text. It was all caps so...
It's a support dog.
Don't ever try to convert my order to metrics again!
This time, Walter smuggled in his lunch, the Swedish contortionist, so he would not have to share with Greg and all the IT Guys.
Overcompensating? For what?
It said to see the doctor if it lasted more than 24 hours.
I really need to introduce Dr. Martin to my previous psychatrist, so we can continue on my mother-son conplexes right were we stopped.
The big kahuna is ordering in today.
The elevator was hell.
Sorry I'm late - I was at the Giants game.
HR said that he doesn't qualify as a service animal.
Could you ping everyone who was in on the UberDog lunch share?
I went for the volume discount.
I asked Siri for six foot longs.
Darn metric system.
They said they wanted someone who's hungry.
I just returned from Sweden.
Don't worry. It's made of tofu.
Don't give me that look. It's gluten-free!
Yeah, well, your chin is ridiculously small.
No, labradoodles are ridiculous. This is just a big lunch.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I am compensating for something.
You wanted to see that big wiener from accounting.
I have to make a second trip for your hamburger.
Ignore him. He's just showing off.
Let me be Frank. Further,....
It's vegan AND gluten free.
We stole the specs for this from top secret German communications.
It's called a Chernobyl Dog. They're to die for.
This isn't what I expected when they said I'd won a year's supply of hot dogs.
We're working late again tonight - Mr. Billings said get anything but pizza.
Amazing what you can get at Costco for a buck and a half.
What wedgie?
Gosh darn it! Turns out he wanted to muddle our pedantic demeanor, not cuddle a gigantic wiener.
The boss says you’re ready to play with the big dogs.
I have a working lunch with a big client.
Boss Gulliver and I are lunching in Brobdingnag.
This embodiment of fast food may lack relish, but it's a super duper pal for the fast track.
I won a free lunch from the Company.
Do you know where the mustard is?
Don't worry. I won't eat the bun.
You see, we're expanding. I will cut the mustard.
Hey, check it out! Foot log dog, size triple E!
Is that case of ketchup still in the breakroom?
I thought the sign said Foot Long.
Long lunch today, Jack?
Didn't they have a footlong ?
Yes, it was my idea to increase the lunch break to 2 hours.
It's worried about downsizing.
You want the mustard vaults. This is the sauerkraut silo.
I'm having a Freudian lunch today.
Reckon I'd ask for the pay raise next week.
I forgot the mustard !
New hire...references said 'Big Dog!' 'Hot!'
It was either this or a converable
Stupid Metric System!
Could you point me to the vegetarians annonymous meeting room.
It's Polish, damnit! Fifty per cent off! Wholesale!
Burger King got my order wrong.
I'm watching that doubleheader in my office this afternoon.
We need a bigger elevator.
Boss, this is the last time I get your lunch at Costcos.
My zipper broke.
A big meeting with frank
Whoops...I thought today was Bring Your Dog To Work Day.
They charge extra for mustard.
I think it's time we reconsider the whole office lunch pool idea.
Turns out, she's a vegetarian.
The R&D department's Coney Island offsite went terribly wrong
It's a comfort food.
I gotta go back for my fries, but they’re delivering my giant Diet Coke.
I would like to speak with Oscar
American Taco, it won the Oscar.
Is that your lunch or your personality?
We don't believe in evolution, global warming and healthy eating.
But the thing is, the genie misunderstood me-- what I asked for was a giant bratwurst.
We have to re-calibrate the nuclear microwave again.
He said, 'Surf yourself . . . '
You ordered the Venti, right?
Delivery for Mr. Kong?? Top floor.
There's an overflow congregation in the chapel and the reverend only had 2 fish and 5 loaves.
Doctor said one-a-year wouldn't hurt.
It's my day to bring him lunch. I thought I would bring him something suitable to a man of his self-importance.
But he said bring lunch for everybody....
It's the new compensation diet.
They can have their Big Mac; we have Big Frank.
Team building for the company picnic!
Today's potluck lunch is all about 'Team Building'.
Is it OK to walk the dog?
Let Frankenstein know his lunch is here.
The big guy wants some mustard.
I think the cafeteria is inhibiting my diet.
In this dog eat dog world, it's best to walk softly and carry a big wiener.
Running with the big dogs is harder than it looks.
I have an appointment with Mr. Frank Furter please
no, the bun is gluten free
The condiments are in buckets out back but the lab is still genetically engineering the tomatoes.
Bureau of Subliminal Messaging, please
You think this is big? Wait until you see the jar of mustard!
Fran says the relish is still on back order.
This way, I'll never have to deal with the lines at Shake Shack again.
Have you had this for more than 4 hours?
Can you let Governor Christie know his lunch is here?
I supersized it.
Another team building lunch!
Show-off!
This office won’t go vegan without a fight.
Call it my charisma.
Yes, there were times, I'm sure you knew, when I bit off more than I could chew.
Gluten free jumbos did not pass muster!
Help, John! Mr. Frank's been beaten and he's barely breathing! It must've been those 'End the Fed' people!
Irony Alert: Trump just fired me for excessive hyperbole.
What can I say, I like it plain.
Its the jumbo hot from the Greek place downstairs.
Is it just me or do the elevators seem more crowded lately?
Boss says that Take Your Dog to Work Day has its limits.
Got the Blizzard Special---48 inches.
The call it The Jared.
Vegan backlash.
I am ready for the snow storm.
I am just not prepared to share custody of the dog.
Forget data, all the boss understands now is that he wants to be top dog.
What? Oh no, the condiments!
The boss wants what the boss wants.
Sometimes the big dog gets eatin
Yo dog what's up?
So now they say, ``make it smarter, not bigger.''
Turns out this isn't what she meant.' 'My therapist says not to worry, it's just a phase.' 'At least I didn't have to carry the mustard.' 'That's what she said.
You know, Ed, this 'super-sizing' has just gone too far!
I know it's overcompensation; you should see my truck.
If you see a guy with a wheelbarrow full of sauerkraut could you please send him down to my office?
The bonus for top salesman was really big this year.
I think you misunderstood 'Bring Your Dog to Work Day', Jim.
They're all out of healthy snacks.
Even the Jolly Green Giant would not buy one.
This satisfies my hot dog craze.
It was cheaper than the six-foot sub.
Mail Room Fred first started to gain notoriety on 'Bring Your Dog To Work Day'.
My doctor said one dog a week won’t kill me.
The boss said I would relish this project.
The only thing I'm compensating for is missing breakfast.
I asked for a Dashound and they gave me a large hot dog instead.
I'm still trying to think outside the bun.
I'm training for the Coney Island foot-long and over contest.
The monster hot dog truck is back!
Where would you like me to put the new art work, sir?
So I guess that makes me one of the 65% of students employed in jobs that didn't exist in 2016, and you one of the 45%...
'Something's wrong with Frank!'
It gets even better. Tomorrow is buy one, get one free.
No, damn it, I told you its a paperweight.
My wife says I can only eat one a week.
Don't worry, it's vegan.
Boy. Remember the good ol' days when the 'Lunch Special' just meant you got free fries?
I got this. But can you help with the condiments?
Call Maintenance, Smith is stuck in the elevator with the mustard jar.
Sorry. The rest of the elves voted for hot dog.
They were out of kosher.
Hey, I skipped breakfast....don't judge me.
Don't let Bloomberg see it.
Okay Curtis, to keep the bull market going we are going to need six more of those.
Look what I got from Costco!
Why didn't you get the big one?
Do you believe it? They ran out of sauerkraut.
I went for vegabyte pizza but all they had were PETAbytes.
My other lunch is a sandwich.
New HR Policy. First Place Cadillac, Second Place Steak knives, Third place: Weiner of the Week
This is my emotional support dog.
Buzz me when my sauerkraut order from Sam's Club arrives.
One more ED joke and you'll be in ER.
Street vendors will be closed for a week 'cause of the snowstorm...
You should see the size of the food cart.
I'm here for my appointment with Dr. Mayer...
I am not over compensating for ANYTHING.
No soda. I'm on a diet.
Its a food supplement I ordered from the back of a men's magazine. But I was expecting a completely different result.
I heard that the guy laying people off has a big appetite
This is to remind everyone who's top dog around here.
Hot Dog! We've solved the problem.
While you surf the internet, I'm going for the wave.
The pool is closed until May/
No more 'production,' I say; it's by-products what's next.
Fancy a nosh?
'Subtle, Johnson. Subtle'.
The Fries are coming up the freight elevator.
Well, the bun is gluten-free.
I'm trying to get fired for sexual harassment.
No, this is exactly what I wanted.
And you should have seen the ketchup bottle . . .
Can you cover for me? I'm gonna need a longer lunch today.
How do you expect me to get thgis thing HOT?
Really,I'm not that Hungary!
I thought it would be rude to show up empty-handed.
'It's for my man-cave during the Super Bowl'.
We'll be working late.
It looks bad, but it's actually 100% vegan.
My boss told me to run with the 'Big Dogs!'
Hold my calls. I've got a big lunch today.
I'm taking a selfie.
It's not that painful, but it has lasted more than 4 hours.
It was today's special 'special.'
No! C, L, A, E, S!
She's an emotional-support (hot)dog.
Don't be alarmed, it's kosher...
I bring in lunch for everybody and all of a sudden I'm in the middle of a sexual harassment lawsuit.
Where are the 'Big Dogs' having their meeting?
Nathans gone too far this time.
Our wurst fears have been realized.
Care to join me?
I already told him that this dog will not hunt.
Are you happy to see me?
My wife joined Sam's Club
Yup, and they charged the severance package in our contracts.
It's a dog day afternoon.
It's just a hot-dog, for god's sake.
Things got a little too hot and heavy last night.
The boss left Frank in charge while he's out of town.
Better let them know the guy with the huge wiener is here,
My low testosterone treatment came with a free hot dog.
They were out of jumbo shrimp.
I think my table's ready.
Wanna split it?
The guy said it would grow on me.
Remember, we've a longer lunch period today.
Let me be really frank.
Training for Coney Island
The lunch room needs a few jars of mustard.
I ordered the kosher hot dog, not the colossal!
Does this look like a sheep dog to you? I told you that 3-D printer was no good!
This Emoji has a scale issue.
Sorry boss, just taking my lunch to the office.
Could you please direct my to Tiny's office?
I hate going out to get Mr. Trump's lunch.
The catering company got our lunch order wrong
You can just put that over there with the rest of the wedding presents.
This was supposed to be a 'Top Dog' award, but there was an autocorrect.
Digest it or digitize--dig it?
Gunnin' for top dog
Frank misunderstood 'Bring Your Dog to Work Day' again...
Big lunch meeting. You joining us Frank?
They were all out of Big Macs
Couldn't find the weiner-length buns ...
Fred shows off his performance bonus at the Oscar Mayer Company.
We're out of condiments in the break room.
It's my year-end bonus - free lunch for a month.
They were all out of wiener-length buns ...
Putting Gulliver in charge of the company cafeteria was a bad idea.
They had a raffle, and I was the lucky weiner.
What? It's organic.
Good morning Andrew.
I hope you don't mind I didn't get any toppings.
It's from a Pete Rose tribute.
It's for the Growth Hormone Day celebration luncheon.
Good Morning Anthony.
Sorry Bob, corporate said you're the team leader for this one.
I found a loophole in my wife's diet plan for us.
It's a metric foot-long.
I think I'm going to need a longer lunch break.
Meatless Monday was yesterday, right?
Mustard or ketchup?
Stop staring at my giant wiener!
We're testing a new model. We need you in the next room.
It wasn't this big when I bought it...
It's the new boss. He's in the witness protection program.
This year the circus is giving all day weenies instead of suckers.
The wienermobile is on the block!
This cutout is part of our new campaign 'Cut down to one hot dog per lunch.'
My office, let's do lunch.
This is my alter ego.
Hey Boss, thought I'd pick up some carry-out
Hey, did you hear today is 'Take Your Daugh...'— 'Say no more.
It's no replacement for the cold, dead body of my other dog.
I'm just glad he didn't order the Jumbo size.
I told Bob not to wish he were an Oscar Meyer weiner, but he wouldn't listen.
Memo: Put the kibosh on lunchroom nitrate detector.
It came from the Amazon.com development office.
Sorry, our Diggity Special doesn't come with a doggie bag today.
I didn't know there were such things as genetically modified frankfurters.
Your big cheese wants to meet our top dog.
Now who's top dog in the office?
He said my next pitch better be a real wiener.
Who ordered the man-sized hot dog?
A big weenie? Real original, David. Real original.
The conference in five minutes; bring your plate.
once again, no mention of the proverbial 'hotdog in the room'
I asked Michael to be totally frank with me.
New iPhone.
What do you mean..the relish barrel is empty!
Is there any limit to these portion sizes!
She's not a vegetarian, is she?
I entered a typo contest and won a year's supply of hot dog.
You asked me to come back with a real winner. Here
Boss, may I be frank with you?
The 3-D copier's all yours.
Okay, I put my lunch in the reactor to keep it warm!
I pulled it from the mouth of a rat going the stairs!
I would have preferred the Employee of the Month Parking spot.
I use the HOV lane to work, but not going home.
Thank God, he said 'Hold the mustard.'
Slow! I am hot dogging it.
Is Mr. Mustard in?
Do you want the usually condiments on it?
You save a lot of money when you buy the 'economy' size.
Is that you Felix?
It was cheaper in bulk.
'Trojan Horse' for those hot dogs in tech?
Jeff Koons' a friend from way back.
This latest model of drones is really, really stupid!
Severance package.
Didn't I tell you to order me an extra,extra,extra,extra,extra large instead of an extra,extra,extra large?
I got it at one of those big box stores.
So this isn't the kind of 'big dog' you meant?
They were out of big sandwiches.
Stop dogging it Harry, the boss canceled his trip
The hard part was finding the bun.
Didn't I tell you adopting the metric system was going to cause problems.
Doggin' again, Avery? You can't fool me!
Inflation for one consumer is too big to swallow.
It's for the Potluck tonight
Beats a six-foot party hero every time!
Grab the mustard and come to my office.
FYI - the break room is out of mustard.
I need time to digest this new account.
You should have seen the size of the hot dog cart this came out of.
For once, I'm going to speak frankly.
Another Koons?
All they had was the One-Size-Feeds-all.
The good news is that my bonus was bigger this year! The bad news is that it's a hot dog again.
I'm here for my appointment with the Big Cheese.
I have a nine o'clock appointment with Mr. Mayer.
The big dog would like to see you in private.
It's my entry for the Dog Show.
It was 'Buy Two, Get One Free'.
Hoskins, I asked you to show me you're a big winner, not show me your big weiner.
It's my half of the dog and pony show.
Budget cuts eliminated the sauerkraut.
The board is waiting for you, sir. They would like to speak with you about your over-compensation
How was this ever certified as Non-GMO?
Is the Macrowave free?
Did you want catsup or mustard with your hotdog?
I said 'six foot longs.'
Nathans changed their ground rules.
Can you believe it? They forgot the relish AGAIN!
And you thought Chicago was the Second city.
Tell Mr. Creosote I'm expecting him.
Have you seen the barrel of mustard?
First they'll come for our guns...then our hot dogs.
They wouldn't let me order a kid's meal.
My doctor told me to eat a big lunch.
They told me to bring in the Big Dog.
Is the Goliath of industry in? I have his lunch order.
The boys in the lab are having a party
Can you give me a hand with my barrel of soda?
I HAVE TO CARRY THIS UNTIL I QUIT SAYING 'HOT DOG' TO THE BOSS'S IDEAS
They approved my longer lunch break.
Turns out I'm not the big winner.
We have lots of those little packets of mustard in the kitchen, don't we?
It was only 25 cents more to super size it
I am not sure how it tastes, but there are no mice or rats for five blocks
It's a bonus for landing the Nathan's account.
I said, 'Frank, don't hurt her!'
Hey Jerry, grab a keg of mustard and join me in the lunchroom.
He wished he were an Oscar Meyer Wiener.
Hold all his calls, I might be in there for a while.
We'll be working through lunch again today.
You have a micro-what?
You're right. The metric system really is confusing.
Hold my calls--I'm heading to the Overeaters Anonymous meeting.
You can't miss it. His food cart is a block long.
Thanks, but I have no idea where the bun came from...
Darn, I've forgot the mustard!
Sir, the DMV cannot be bought by money nor food.
I'm sick of being vegan.
He replaced Weiner in Accounting.
I couldn't afford the Corvette.
Mr. Handwerker, this 'Family Size' could really spike ESPN viewership of our 100th annual Nathan's Famous International Hot Dog Eating Contest.
It's called a Trump sandwich!
Rumors are flying that Shake Shack and Costco are merging.
Return it. Your expense account is not that big.
It's okay…it's my Service Dog.
Have you seen the tub of mustard anywhere?
I didn't order the Nathan's sign.
They only had one left.
Consider it a bonus substitute.
Can you spare a half gallon of relish?
Boss wants us to take on Big Food.
I'm here for the pork barrel contributions.
What size is your mustard jar?
I'm loving this new HR policy.
I'll be in my office practicing for Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest.
'I received a special call from management to bring in 'Frank Furter Sr' ASAP'!
NOW THAT REDEFINES COCKTAIL FRANK!
Can we be frank about this?
It's a working lunch.
He was out of sauerkraut.
Sorry I'm late. We still on for two?
I'm on my lunch break until March.
Mr. Bunyan's wife just dropped off his lunch.
To be a wiener, you have to act like a wiener.
Guess who Lily put in charge of French's® marketing?
Sorry but your bunifits don't cover everything
I'm going down to the street . for a hot dog.
I'm heading for the break room to microwave my hot dog.
I'm hangry.
I'm taking my staff out to lunch
It's McDonalds' latest--the Quarter Tonner.
I'm not relishing this assignment.
I still say it's a mistake to downsize the Wienermobile.
I can tell by your face that you meant sandwich board
Yeah, I just don't know why I just can't wear a name badge like everyone else.
It has 9,000 calories but zero gluten.
Hold my calls, would you? Coney Island is having a marathon.
It's a flotation device. Ironic, N'est pas?
I passed on the fries.
In case a game goes into overtime...
It's board meeting size.
Well you did say 'literally'.
Are you sure? I'm not gonna be able to finish it.
He picked the wrong time to wish he were an Oscar Mayer wiener.
I'm stocking up on these. Bloomberg came for our soda's, as president he'll come for our hotdogs.
It's not what you think. He's a service dog.
The gluten is still trying to free itself.
Whatever. My wife likes anything that vibrates.
Revenue growth for big 'dogs has far outpaced demand, thanks to this bad boy
Why do you ask if I relish my job?
'overcompensating' for yesterdays lunch are you?
Elon Musk's slightly less successful twin brother.
Perhaps I AM overcompensating.
Looks like the team on the Oscar Meyer account got carried away again.
Someone put my lunch in the MakerBot - and set the replicator size to 'Super.'
I'm sorry, but this just isn't kosher.
I didn't want it, but Carrot Top insisted.
Take Your Dog to Work Day was last week, Al.
Bonuses aren't what they use to be.
They had to let Dave go; reports of indecent exposure.
Is your's bigger?
The Costco food truck is here.
I'm outta here, man! Got a gig playing lead for the Oscar Meyer Band!
Laugh all you want. But if I had toted this thing around the locker room in eighth grade, my high school nickname would have been much more complimentary.
Since we went to the open floor plan I've had nowhere to keep it.
Do you know where I can find a gigantic jar of mustard?
'you guys really had me going... telling me Big Frank was waiting in my office to give me an offer I couldn't refuse !
Do you know how to silence a giant hotdog?
Grey Poupon, my ass!
I had it specially made. The wife allows me one hot dog a year.
Relax - it's organic.
Have you eaten today?
Here, could you watch my dog? I'm going to go eat.
I'm the Sensitivity Training Class instructor.
Spring training opens in two weeks.
The date went well.
Glad I didn't ask for the super size.
Yes, but it's gluten-free.
Go ahead, tell the whole office. I'm tired of hiding it.
John, I have to be frank with you....
This is my last Big Bite. Once Bloomberg is president, he will certainly ban these.
Got this at the Trump Rally downstairs...something about bigger and better.....
May I borrow a pen to write my name on my lunch?
Bill's been acting strange since he won that Oscar-Meyer sweekstakes.
The Wrigley account was taken
Which way to the balloon contest?
I was at the Giants game.
Can you at least label the GM foods that can dance?
'And a soda? You gotta be kidding'
Gonna have a long lunch today.
The deli is having an El Nino special.
It's just because I love mustard and sauerkraut.
He shivers with antici . . .
What? You've never heard 'Un bel di vedremo'?
I saw the Costco mustard in the break room.
It’s for Donald Trump.
Five foot is the new foot long.
The Giants are playing the Titans.
The 'All American' thing went to its head.
You don’t happen to have one of those little packets of mustard do you?
Your people should relish this big opportunity.
Today is just the wurst.
I got your Weiner dog today at the pet store
Yes, an enhanced porkfolio.
I'll be here all night working that big Polish case.
Do you believe me now when I say i want to be top dog in this company?
Cancel the meeting, I am having lunch in the conference room
Who's top dog now?
I've brought the next big thing.
I'm here for the 3 o'clock feeding of Donald Trump's ego.
This is Trump's new intern.
Delivery for Oprah from Nutrisystems.
An order for out genetically modified management.
It's for a movie about mutant giant ants invading a ball park.
No, Bill, I'm not over compensating for anything.
Do we still have mustard in the break room?
Ohh ... forgot the ketchup
Darla said it was her or the hotdog.
Frankenfood.
Good thing I didn't go through the Drive Thru!
It's think big or go home time.
A group of us will be going to the ballgame.
Sorry I'm late. I took the dog for a walk.
Wanna share my lunch?
It's like one of those six-foot party subs, except even more disappointing.
I've come in for the weekly ketchup.
My doctor says I can only have one a day.
New management's idea of buying lunch for the whole office.
Believe it---this instead of a bonus !
Thought you gave up snacks for 2016.
It's better than being downsized I guess.
Weather report says that the blizzard will last for days.
Lunch meeting. We're presenting a scalable business model.
Your dog is hot.
It's not so easy being one.
It's called freedom, Elliot, look into it.
What? Didn't you get the memo about the big hot dog eating contest on Friday?
It was only 49 cents more.
Does this look real?
This is the last time I clean out the lunchroom fridge.
It's for the company's teeth tug of war.
Another WHO study refugee
Carl, where's the relish?
Step into my office ... I need to have a frank discussion with you.
this is not what i meant when i told the doctor i wanted a bigger wiener!
I bought it from one of the large food trucks.
It's a tofu one.
The Oscar-Myer contract is coming up for renegoatiation
I couldn't get it up the chimney.... it's beginning to smell....
Do we still have that no sexting policy?
They want us to be less subtle on the men's cologne ad campaign.
It's the latest supersize — a frankfurther.
When I told my wife I wanted a hot dog she said I should get a long little doggy.
The new caterer's from Texas.
I am going to show them who is top dog.
You wanted a 'hot dog?
This is my emotional support animal.
I've got a two o'clock with the big dog.
Our alternative bonus structure just isn't working for me anymore
Tom, this office is 100% kosher.
This year's bonus is in product.
THIS SHOULD GIVE COSTCO A RUN FOR THE MONEY
Is Mr. Trump on this floor?
Hold my mustard, I'll be in there a while.
You try getting one of these in an elevator.
Frank Footer was the subject of office gossip.
Don't worry, the mustard vests in two years.
I got it free with the purchase of NFL season tickets.
The moment I ordered the large I feared the wurst.
I went to HR for guidance and they were out of baloney
I know it's huge, but it's gluten-free, and their truck is bringing the mustard.
Christmas gift from my wife. I have to wear it once.
I pitched the new condom account but sadly get assigned condiments instead.
What? It's kosher.
Do NOT tell me you forgot the mustard again...
I was sure the ad said 'Six One-foot Hotdogs for $5.30'
Let the jousting begin.
I never like the snacks in the vending machine.
The big enchilada, it ain't.
I'm leaving for today. I'm dog-tired.
The condiment trolley is at the loading dock.
Diet starts Monday!
Gotta get this to the big man upstairs.
Where should I put the Trump Dog?
They told me business was a sausagefest
Invasion or the Body Snatchers 3 - At the World Series.
That's right, Bob. It's the Oscar Wiener.
The burger's coming in on a forklift.
Gluten? Hah! Gluten's the least of your worries with this bad boy.
Clear my schedule and bring me 300 packets of mustard.
I hate the way you vegans judge!
Footlongs are so yesterday.
Now I'm wondering- natural casing from what?
It was only $.50 more to super size.
It's a four hour wierner.
Cancel my 2 o'clock and bring me a couple hundred Tums.
It's the 'Kobayashi.'
Now let's see someone steal my lunch!
Lend me a few thousand of those mustard packets you keep in your desk.
Sam's Club.
My eyes were bigger than my stomach.
It's the new 'Whole Hog Dog'.
Who's the big weiner now?
Quickly, find me a cigarette
We're considering s a rule change for the 100th Annual Hot Dog Eating Contest.
I can tell my wife I only had one hot dog for lunch.
I've named him Fido.
At first I didn't care for it, but after a while it grew on me.
Find me some mustard -- fast!
Hold all my calls...and the relish.
The vendor swore it's non-GMO.
Stop your eco-accusation! It's a tofu-dog.
It's unusual but not cruel.
Everything depends upon the quality of your motivation.
There's no way I'm taking this back.
Looks like Meyer got his wish.
The boss said I should be frank.
It was my turn to bring in the party sub.
Is the vet in? My dog's a little chili.
Oh this. it's a long story.
Let's have marketing pitch 'em with a free diet soda.
I found a lunch that matches his ego.
Wait till you see the mustard pot
Ten years with the company.
It's a show dog Greg, I can't just leave it at home.
Can you show Frank around the office?
No, I'm not just happy to see you.
They told me it was organic.
It's not easy being the TopDog's assistant.
Hi, I'm here to register for the Hebrew National.
Delivery from Fruedian Foods.
Geez, Bill, I never realized you were lefthanded.
Not quite as 'seamless' as I was led to believe.
Am I the only one who's not a vegan?
Wait till you see the catsup bottle!
Don't give me that look. It's my cheat day.
Cool deal… that stand on the corner. Sells one dog and he’s done for the day.
Congratulations! You already may be a wiener!
You mean it's not 'Take Your Dog to Work' day?
I ordered a foot long. The server had big feet
Surf's up! And so are my triglycerides!
Whether it's kosher is the least of my concerns.
No, no--they're only bad for you if you eat too many.
Apparently my Genie was not as erudite as I might have hoped.
I can't believe I blew my final wish on a giant wiener.
My HMO only covers GMOs
It's not just advertising. They really do plump when you cook them.
What do you think Nathan is overcompensating for?
I said meet the client in Kiel not Kiev!
Check out the food cart down in front of Trump Tower. Their food is huuuge.
I'm going to need those ketchup packets you've been saving.
It's not a big wiener, it's a giant frankfurter.
Apparently, I'm not cutting the mustard here.
The health inspector is coming to my favorite hot dog stand tomorrow, so he made a giant hot dog and gave it to me, because he really trusts me with the secret of his bad meat. Though now I'm a bit worried about all the hot dogs that I ate.
You're right, I do have a big wiener.
I won the Hot Dog of the Month Award.
Would you hold my dog
Better hurry…the cart guy has a Super Bowl promotion going on.
The boss thinks it's time for me to man up.
Get the forklift. I’m going to need mustard.
I'm running out of buns for this dawg. You got any more in the back?
Another Viagra mystery solved.
Absolutely! Right after lunch.
I thought this was a dog friendly office.
It's my year-end bonus.
Yes, I saw the 'no outside food or drink' sign, but this is a companion hot dog.
Completed my diet. That's worth celebrating.
I'll do whatever it takes to become Top Dog around here.
It's okay, it's vegan.
What? I skipped the fries.
Jones was going to bring the mustard but he died.
No jokes about my being glad to see you, ok?
At least I said no to their offer of mustard and relish.
It's why they call me the big dog.
I bought a 12 pack at Costco
I was told to feed his ego during lunch
The vendor said this one is called the 'Anthony'
Now you know I'm Kosher
What do you mean it HAS to be gluten free?
Costco just bought out Nathan's!
It's a 'working lunch' meeting...
Have you seen the ketchup?
Hello, I'm from the Government and I'm here to help!
I'm late for my lunch meeting with Claes Oldenburg.
Monsanto now sells wieners.
I ran when he pulled out the mustard hose.
The wurst is yet to come!
Wait until you see the quarter pounder.
The boss wants to know what's going on. Google Oscar Meyer and Viagra!
At least last year's bonus came with condiments
It's vegetarian.
Another giant hot dog that should've been an email...
Say, you wouldn't happen to have a few hundred relish and mustard packets in your desk drawers, would you?
Don't be fooled, this is our new boss.
And they ran out of mustard.
What? You wanted fries with it?
I know what you're thinking, Murdoch, but I'm perfectly secure in my masculinity.
I have to prove to Jacques that I'm not a big Frankophobe.
Did you see a guy with 4,000 ketchup packets?
Do you think anyone will notice the smell?
It still tastes better at the ballpark.
Didn't you hear it's bring your dog to work day?
Be careful. Its bark is worst than its bite.
Nitrates Schmitrates!
Garcia struggled to identify his management style.
Oh....My bad. I think they meant TOP dog.
Lunch for the Big Kahuna.
Wiener wing? He's having mustard withdrawal.
Cafeteria was out of giant hamburgers.
I think he's allergic to gluten.
The boss says that everybody but me is bringing relish to our work.
At the hotdog stand, it's called a 'large circumcised.'
Express lunch delivery for Mr. Kong in the penthouse...
Summon everyone who has a supply of little mustard packets to my office now.
Would you like to share lunch with me?
I get better value from the food truck
I got the world's biggest weenie just for you.
I would have gotten one of their chili dogs, but I'd be up all night.
The boss offered me a bonus. I said Hot Dog!
You should see the tamales.
As long as you don't put ketchup on it, I won't ask.'
I never had breakfast.
It's a weeklong.
It was a give-a-way at Nathan's. Doubles as a raft. It is going to Fire Island this weekend.
Say Steve, any chance you're got a few hundred little packets of mustard in your desk?
Cancel all my appointments this afternoon and get out those ketchup packets we've been saving.
'You should have seen the one which got away; it was so slathered in mustard that I lost my grip'.
I'm ready for the annual food fight this year.
With a dog that big, you're going to need a leash!
There's no way Fred can eat all of my lunch now!
It's Dollar Dog night at the ballpark. I think I can win.
I skipped breakfast. That's all I'm compensating for.
Sabret just added Viagra to production.
Here's your Big Mutt®.
Yeah, I’m the sour Kraut.
Relax, it's a meat analogue.
Tell the board that I have the concessions for the new ballpark deal!
I gotta run, you mind watching my dog?
Ketchup futures seemed like a great idea last year.
I know the WHO says I should cut back on processed meat, but it seemed like such a good deal.
I'm prepared for a long lunch!
Great news! Costco has opened a lunch counter!
You've been acting like a real hot dog ever since you got that raise, Glen.
Stephen - don't say a word. It's big, it's in a bun, and I've heard 'em all!
This company has really gone to the dogs.
Keep it quiet, but the boss is pregnant.
That's not what I meant by 'prove you have the biggest hot dog'.
You wouldn't happen to have any grey poupon?
Hey Pete, you happen to see my barrel of relish in the kitchen?
Martinez had hoped for Thin Mints.
Doggone it! The boss just grilled me about Frank.
I told them to super size it
Well, gee, I don't ask what's up with YOUR lunch, GARY.
Long story short, I should've been more clear with my wish.
Food-truck competition has reached a new level.
I decided to try their Emotional Support Dawg.
If anyone calls, it's in the lost & found office
Its a full month hot dog for welfare recepients,courtesy of the republicans.
He's agreed to take the witness hot dog stand.
They say that the pizza,after twenty years of service, is even bigger
What if it does matter?
So it's movie theater big.
This and a tape measure is how you win a meeting.
Hold my calls for an hour.
The Really Big One has just arrived.
I ordered 6 foot long hot dogs and what did I get?
Lunch delivery for the lawyers - mostly lips and asses.
No worries. It's gluten free!
They asked if I wanted to supersize it.
Which way to the lunch room?
Is that your barrel of relish in the break room?
DiBlasio's New York...
Brown-bagging-it is not for me.
They're not that healthy, so I just allow myself one per month.
I was having fun, fun, fun until daddy took my T-bone away.
Someone's been messing with the microwave again.
The nephew is in charge of catering the meetings
He said he would squeeze me in.
Mind if I borrow your mustard in the break room?
Congratulations, you're the new Publishers Clearing House Wiener!
It was BOGO.
They did say I could bring my therapy dog to work.
I feel like you're judging me.
Big mouth on the next desk wanted one.
The USDA is recommending curbed consumption of processed meats. I wanted to get this while I still can.
Sonic's new 40lb for $4 Coney is way better than all the other 4 for 4$ deals.
I have a great idea. I'd like to see the 'big cheese'.
I am the 'wiener' of the Power ball.
Lunch delivery for Mr Trump
Hold the calls; the Donald is lunching in today.
We call it the frankfurter couch. I'ts going in the lobby.
I got it from a food truck--an eighteen wheeler!
Tired of Paelo, James adopts the Coney Island Diet.
I'm here for the potluck.
He said he's ready to play with the big dogs now.
I think I misread the potluck theme.
You were right. They were offended.
Expect to be grilled during your annual review.
Now you understand the chili cheese dog debacle.
You can supersize your lunch but you can't supersize your lunch break.
It's for the whole department. We believe in the sharing economy.
Boss insists I walk it daily.
We relish our time together
Just one more hot dog before I go on a diet.
Weiner you going to give me a raise?
I'm so hungry I could eat a hot dog the size of a horse.
Do you have any idea as to where Big Frank will sit?
And you thought that being a pencil pusher was the Wurst.
Well, then, what does sausage fest mean?
Doctor has me down to one serving per week of processed meat.
You really think the Jolly Green Giant exists on nibblets alone.
The boss has become weird since he won the Powerball.
Part of an ad campaign for Cialis.
The truck with the mustard is on the way!
I don’t care if it’s genetically modified. It was only $2.99.
Giants' tickets are gone. I got him the next best thing.
Hold my calls for the week.
We're out of ketchup and mustard again.
Why not? We artificially inflate everything.
Thank God he hates mustard.
They only had soy.
You know what they say about a guy with a big hot dog.
Today's my cheat day.
The Nathan's contest will never be the same.
Luckily they were out of ketchup.
I thought we were a dog friendly office
I'm on the Jurassic diet.
Spare me any jokes about getting my big mouth around this thing...
What do you mean there's no relish department?
'' OSCAR MEYERS WISH CAME TRUE ''!
I believe I have a 12:30 with a Mr. Chestnut.
Glad you found your Weiner.
They were out of the foot-long
I think the GMO people have stumbled onto something, or else I've stumbled into Wonderland.
It doubles as a raft in case of apocalypse.
There was no note, and it was signed Anonymous. Where's the garbage disposal?
I have to go back down for the fries.
Your online order got mixed up with the bachelorette party.
That diner next to the power plant.
Marge is bringing a gallon of mustard.
It's not the size that matters. It's how you use it.
Join LinkedIn you said...
Don't be so eager to accept the supersized bonus.
'' Joey Chestnut's here. ''
Mr. Kong is climbing up for the lunch meeting.
Can I borrow your paper cutter?
Alternative entrée idea for the Oscar Mayer lunch in the conference room….Too much?
What do you mean no dogs allowed?
I'm off to the big game.
Get your your department up to the lunchroom.
Quit staring. Sometimes a hot dog is just a hot dog.
That's a veggie dog, right? She doesn't eat meat.
My wife and I are going vegan tomorrow.
Want to grab lunch?
Is your wiener this big?
See? I wasn't kidding!
I'm making the hot dog great again
I swear it, I just rubbed it and it grew.
I'll be in my office, digesting.
The goal is to illustrate inflation. This is my wurst idea.
Are you a giant ketchup or giant mustard guy?
Did two guys walk past here with a jar of mustard?
Every time I ask for a raise he gives me the big weenie...
We're ramping up the July 4th eating contest.
There's a new mustard from Viagra.
I promised my wife, only one a week.
Can you find forty jars of mustard?
Either that vendor is one helluva salesman, or I need to retake that assertiveness seminar.
I went to Chernobyl for my lunch break.
It's 'Take Your Secretary to Lunch' day.
Don't worry, I'll get to that work after lunch.
I don't eat meat, but I can't resist meat by-products.
You sure you can handle that thing?
There's mustard packs in the lunch room, right?
You got a wiener joke you’d like to get out of your system, Bob?
Stare much?
It's a stray.
Quick – did two guys carrying a tub of sauerkraut pass by here?”
They're printing an extra-large pizza now.
Good thing that I didn’t ask them to super size it.
''Ketchup on your work so we can both relish.''
No. “What’s gotten into the hot dogs?” is on second. “Who’s on steroids?” is on first.
We need you to handle the Frankfurt file
Bloomberg may take our giant Coke's, but he'll never take our giant wieners!
The 800 pound gorilla is staying for lunch.
Guess I shouldn't have gotten take-out.
