Best case this is his dream, and we don't really exist.
I prefer sexual objectification.
I escaped from a fish farm - you'd probably prefer that locally-sourced, wild fellow.
Hey buddy, can you cut me some slack? I just spent 4 years in the ocean, swam 1000 miles upriver, and just want a little action.
On second thought, my childhood wasn't that great.
Where did you make dinner reservations?
(SINGING) "The way you crack my knee.... the way you soil my shirt....the memory of all that.....Oh, no, they can't take that away from me......"
Not exactly a giant leap for mankind.
I know...I just let people walk all over me.
Amazing, you all look so 3D.
I tripped the light fantastic on the sidewalks of New York.
Anyone seen Mamie O'Rourke?
Ha! Try calling me a doormat now.
Nope! Not going to work.
I've always had this feeling my life's been like a doormat!
Doug could not only live with people walking all over him, he rather enjoyed it.
Two more minutes, and I'll be as good as new.
The irony escapes me.
That "Camping the Canyons of Wall Street" Groupon may have been a bad idea.
Whoa, both parents are back on the nest.
Sure I'm not making as much money as I used to, but there's a lot of civic fulfillment that comes from being a superdelegate.
Who needs the window?
Come on, people: Twister, Twister, Twister!
It's just nice to be connecting with people.
They're commuting my sentence.
Wallstreet is on the defense.
This looked a lot more fun in 'Boyhood'
You wouldn't happen to be a unicorn, would you?
Urban stargazing can be quite challenging!
It's called a staycation, pal.
Don’t trip. One Wall Street collapse was enough.
Midnight cowboy was then. Everyone is assidiously ignoring the obvious
Utopia. I mind my own business and the mind theirs.
Sure, I could go to work. Or, I could just lay here and unlock my full potential.
Stargazing is more challenging during the day.
...And so I decided I couldn't just watch the world pass me by. I needed to be a part of it.
Stanley, our local grammar enthusiast, is at it again folks! This week, he asked people if they knew whether or not he was 'laying' or 'lying' on the sidewalk.
In spite of no longer being able to afford them, Dave decides he cannot do without his weekly deep tissue massages.
Save our soles.
All this development is new since I was a kid.
My autopiloted car is stuck in traffic.
Flat Stanley here tripping the blight fantastic.
Only in New York would anyone think this funny.
In my life, there's no difference between going to the office or staying home.
I wish everyone would just stop walking all over me.
How do you like it when WE occupy YOUR street?
Step on a crack, break your father's back
It's true. If you're not assertive with people, they'll walk all over you.
Ahhh, the view is just as crappy down here.
So I thought, 'Why bother going up 42 stories just to come right back down again'.
Can you hear me now?
I'm doing a survey for the Welcoming Committee.
Don't mind me. I'm not a super PAC.
Oh, look, another bunny!
It's performance art. Oh, I'm the middle class...
It's my back--it turns out my Mother stepped on a crack first.
I'm counting sheep.
Only Tom could make a career of looking on the bright side.
His boss told him to "Stop and smell the roses"
Give me a job and I'll be out of your way.
After the brutal bear attack I've been wary of vultures.
You've a hole in your shoe, buddy.
This ad will end in 6 seconds.
What's the rush?
He just came crashing through the glass ceiling!!!!!!
The boss says I’m nothing but a speedbump. Well, I’ll show him ‘speedbump'!
Turns out my sleep number is 5th Avenue.
And sme people ust get a HAND on the Walk of Fame!
I'm in training to be Head Corporate Doormat.
While ohers see things as they are , I dream of a world that never was and now will be if the Trumpster is elected
Someone call life alert.
Well, as it turns out, I AM going to take this lying down.
I'm street art, and would you like to purchase life insurance?
Sometimes you just have to stop and smell the Florsheims.
Have you considered the skywalk?
I'm bringing the GOP's plans for obstructionism to the streets
Spawning, schmawning. I say we adopt.
It makes me feel closer to my ex-wife.
Pretty bad optical illusion, isn't it? People are walking all over it.
Hey, that one looks like a bunny!
I saw an ad online for Staycations. This was the cheapest.
It's just nice to be noticed.
You could say I sort of fell in to my latest position.
'I'm researching a story about Times Square, from a tourist's perspective.'
I'm collecting for narcolepsy research.
I'm protesting for softer sidewalks.
It's part childish tantrum and part urban dance. I call it the Trump.
'I'm thinking about changing therapists.'
Yes, as a matter of fact, I do own this sidewalk.
After the Google Earth sighting, Frank received lots of advice on better ways to explore his upskirt fetish.
Come on people, let's all just relax!
"BUDDY, watch the rib cage," thought Jack.
Oh, sure... "Go early," you say. "We'll beat the traffic."
Only 466 days till Star Wars 8!
I think that one cloud looks just like a stegosaurus
TGIF
I'm a little doormat, short and fat.
I'm used to it
Gotcha! I am a Sidewalk Painting
Wake me up after the primaries.
This is how I feel when my wife tells me I'm a doormat !
Gumshoe Detective.
Don't knock it till you try it.
....and more often than not, I can't stop the feeling that people are walking all over me.
Steven's sidewalk yoga quickly caught on in the neighborhood.
So this is what lying down on the job is like!
Ow!
I am just testing out a theory,....my wife keeps telling me my boss treats me like a "door mat".
I'm a sociologist. This is what I do for a living.
You oughta try it, bud. It's a whole new perspective on life.
Move the rook to e2.
Can a guy get any peace and quiet?
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
I call it my congressional stance!
There may be some lingering resentment.
I'm not crazy.I'm just difficult.
I've retired.
I'm good. I lost my baloon.
You don't have the right of way.
Hypotenuisance.
I'm trying to understand The Cloud.
Wilber, aspiring street performer, working on his "wad of chewing gum" impersonation.
That one looks like a ceiling tile, and that one looks like a ceiling fan, and that one...
Sorry I'm in the way, just step around, my fault entirely, dodgy ticker actually.
I have come to the conclusion that cement is harder than asphalt.
In retrospect, I think I prefer mandatory minimums over innovative sentencing.
Catnaps are contagious.
Tread on me.
Then she told me to stop being everyone's door mat.
My name's Eddy and I'm a napaholic
I'm protesting protesters!
Central Park, year 2050
I should have stayed in bed.
The crazy part is I'm not even tired.
Please excuse my eminent domain request.
Finally...shavasana time
Rush, rush, rush.
...and that cloud there ALSO looks like a fluffy bunny that didn't get fired....
Hey, didn't we just see you in a movie
I'll take it!
My psychology professor warned me about the "Bystander Effect."
Bloomberg warned me they'd walk all over me.
Ouch...I see being seemingly invisible is much more tolerable when one stays upright.
I feel like people are walking all over me
A little to the left
We're testing pedestrian speed bumps.
I decided to stop moping, get off the couch and among people.
It's a chalk! Walk on!
Years of psychotherapy for not letting people walk all over him was clearly a colossal fail!
Before eminent domain, this is where my couch was.
'Life is finally looking up.'
If I can make it here, I'll make it any where!
Because I hit my 10,000 steps goal for today, THAT'S why.
My relaxation app still has a few bugs to work out.
You wouldn't believe what people have on the bottom of their shoes.
Look, the rules are I have to be dead before you can step over my body. OK?
Ha! Made you look.
If I even save one mother's back, it's worth it.
I've never noticed how blue the sky is.
Who says you can't take a power nap in the city.
If I had a face like yours, I' d be grouchy, too.
I bring the trip and fall business to me.
cheapest rent in the West Side
I've got a 12:30 masseuse appointment.
That will be $57.75 for avoidance counseling. Please see my Paypal account. That will be $57.75 for avoidance counseling. Please...
It's all about perspective.
Lie here long enough and you meet everyone you know.
I like to stop and smell the pavement.
My doctor said counting sheep would help me fall asleep.
Just stop and smell the roses!
I came outside for peace, not that it's working. ):
Sometimes it's just good to stop and smell the aggravation.
Finally, my own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
If I'm going to get walked all over I may as well do it gazing at clouds.
Step 1: Imagine myself on a Caribbean beach...
These dang sleepless people!
Finders keepers, losers weepers!
I am just tired of waiting for people to offer a hand.
Hi, I'm campaigning for Donald Trump, do you believe in walk-aways?
Step on Zak and break your mother's back.
All these clouds look like buidlings
Does this suit make me look flat?
Yep, crosswalk-fit. Great for the core.
Location. Location. Location.
They really did pave paradise and put up a parking lot.
I'm having second thoughts about this staycation.
Finally a cure for a long standing business problem-Doormat Therapy.
Early field trials of pickpocket proof pants.
Excuse me, can you tell me where M.C. Escher's office is?
I'm here to ask you for your vote.
My ex-wife puts you all to shame.
Hey, I may be only a pavement painting but that still hurts!
Sure, the street noise is sometimes a problem, but you can't beat the rent.
Onwards and upwards!
I know you get stepped on on your way to the top but this is taking it too far!
Good morning. I'm your mother's chiropractor. Good morning. I'm your mother's chiropractor. Good morning....
" If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you," ....
Bill, it's me, Marty! I was hoping our paths would cross again.
I dare you to try this wearing a lumberjack flannel.
I can't believe it! I won the Powerball lottery!
(singing) ". . . Cellophane, Mister Cellophane, should have been my name . . . "
Acme Doormats are hiring but they said I need experience.
My upskirt cam is broken.
Just counting sheep...
Love my promotion. Can't wait to also get an office.
My travel allowance doesn't cover lodging.
Is there a Starbucks near here?
If you think of me as a stepping-stone in your career, you'll sleep better at night.
Just my little way of facilitating attentiveness, coordination, and annoyance toleration.
It is said, The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
That's right - go ahead - just walk all over me, see if I care.
I do it to myself, I do. And that's what really hurts
Why do straight white guys always gotta get in the way?
Things are looking up.
The Priest gave me a choice a day of this or five hours of Hawaiian music
Not sure if this Urban Meditation fad will ever gain traction
I'm not going to take this lying down.
My ex-wife told me it would help me understand our divorce.
That sidewalk art is getting more and more realistic!
So this is how Temple Grandin got started.
My wife said I was lying around the house too much, so I decided to go somewhere else.
It occurred to me that I didn't have to go to work. In fact, I didn't have to do anything.
At this point... why not.
A lying candidate isn't hard to spot.
You've all heard of casual Fridays,well I'm organizing protest Mondays
It's my take on a flat white.
Walk around, please, or else I won't grow.
I'm okay – just getting some Swedish massage for free.
[singing] "Do you see what I see?"
It's a desensitizing experiment. Yeah, it stinks when someone stomps on your gut, but I've never gotten along better with my co-workers.
Hey look, that cloud looks like a bunny.
sit back relax and let life trample you to death
The magic of a liberal arts degree----invisibility
I'm ready to talk about my mother, doc.
Ahhh. Democratic Socialism. A guy could get used to this.
Life's just passing me by.
I was told to check my privilege!
From this perspective, I can see Uranus.
I'm starting a new urban movement: Sidewalk Siestas.
These folks are definitely NOT from Colorado.
I stepped on a crack.
Step on a crack, break my MOTHER'S back...oh what the hell, go for it anyway.
Slack Lives Matter.
My wife says this is what I do best.
David struggled with life's mystery: Is looking down on others such a bad idea?
Its a new match making technique from Danny Bonaduce.
I'm the city's first maternal preventative spine injury fellow.
My battery is low and President Obama knows exactly what he is doing for the rest of his presidency, nothing.
I love New York.
Don't step on a crack!
My wife was right. She always said that I let people walk all over me.
Da Fook?!?
A guest was very critical, saying, "you've got to be more welcoming, Matt."
Welcome to Walmart.
Oh well, if you can't be part of the solution, be part of the problem!"
Sometimes it's nice to exercise my white male privilege.
Sanders supporters to the left, Trump supporters to the right...oh look, it's a moderate.
The mirror taped to my shoe broke.
I didn't ask to BE a flat white.
Sometimes in life people walk all over you, but remember it is not your fault.
I can sleep anywhere. It's the getting to sleep that is the tough bit.
Weight Watchers, eat your heart out!
I'm trying to get smaller.
Knew there was something off about a 'staycation' travel agency.
Vote for me - the underdog!
Penny for your thoughts.
What are you looking at? Move your ass I am on a brake
Hey, this isn't "street art"!
Please tread on me.
Whoa! That was a close one! Have you considered comprehensive personal accident coverage?
Weed, coke?
I'm looking for my Horizontal Asymptotes.
As you can see, my skills as an obstructionist make me the perfect congressional candidate.
Your desperation could be quieter.
Whoa, there really is a glass ceiling!
Lying down on the job is my job description.
Lift those knees people!
I'm getting a Jeb Bush complex down here.
Cogito, ergo sum.
I might try Grand Central next.
Sometimes you just gotta stop and smell the linoleum.
Sometimes you just have to stop and smell the toeses...
Instead of a "walk on the wild side," I'm taking a "while on the sidewalk."
Go ahead, everyone else does.
Nap time
Don't mind me I'm on a different plane.
The Department of Parks and Recreation is hiring. See above for the kind of candidates we are looking for.
Maybe I can't do that easy ab workout anywhere, anytime.
Welcome to middle management....
Hi, I'm Matt!
Kick sand in my face, dare ya, dare ya.
...and my battery's down.
"Just Chillin"!
I've fallen and I've chosen not to get up.
Going shall be used with feet,
The psychiatrist said I should stop acting like a door mat.... old habits are hard to break !
Keep moving, everybody. Nothing to see here.
Because when I'm in the office, my managers walk all over me anyway.
I DID select a new Sleep Number. Can this be right?
I've fallen, but don't worry, I can get up.
These wrinkle-free suits are amazing.
It's still less crowded than Miami Beach.
Lugubrious. I'm just feeling lugubrious today.
Hi, I'm Matt and I'll be your performance artist.
His wife told him not to let people walk all over him but he didn't listen.
Please watch your step.
Don't mind me, just feeling a little rugged
Nothing to see here, folks. Keep moving.
I’m in training as a GOP candidate.
I may have misinterpreted one of the twelve steps.
Sorry, I'm conventionally challenged.
Sometimes I just ask myself, what would Escher do?
I'm a sole man, dah dah dah, dadundada
Scalia's dead? Screw it.
Say, you wouldn't happen to have a pillow, would you?
Mind the tie.
For years I stepped all over people. It's time to give something back.
It's called "sidewalk massage".
I think that gargoyle just smiled at me.
My sleep number is a sidewalk.
Department of Public Works. Foot traffic survey.
If you are in a hurry, don't walk past the philosophy school.
I've looked at life from both sides now...
I told my therapist that I was not going to let people push me around anymore.
Quick, get to your spots! We'll never make it to the Northeast division's 'outdoor human compass' finals like this!
Free business lesson- there's never a clear path to success!
Who piddled?
Pounding the Pavement
Will someone be good enough to turn me parallel to traffic.
I always do the opposite of what my shrink tells me and it's working for me.
I'm trying to gain a new perspective on my daily commute.
I started doing it for the abject depression. I keep doing it for the upskirts.
Every so often, it's nice to take a break and just watch the world go by.
Almost everything depends on your point of view.
Oh you know, just your typical Monday morning.
I think I'll try the park bench tomorrow.
Vote for Mac Conroy. Vote for Mac Conroy. I can't say I've walked IN your shoes, but I can say I've been walked ON by them...vote for Mac Conroy...
So, guess you guys haven't heard about this new lunchtime serial novelist skywriter?
So far, no one has actually stepped on me, renewing my faith in humanity.
I'm trying to raise awareness against the bottom 99%
My campaign strategist says I need to see what life is like for people with obstacles.
One more crunch or I'm heading to the gym.
Just building my "obstructionist" resume. Congress, here I come!
My hotel doesn't allow early check-in.
Geez, the words of the prophets are still on the subway walls.
It's all about my civil rights, but I don't like getting peed on.
Hey, watch your step...I just pressed these pants.
No, I'm not progressive.
My therapist says that I shouldn't allow people to walk all over me.
Who says Occupy Wall Street is dead?
From MY perspective........
To lay, to lie, laying, lying, and even laid and lain, I am alone.
Wonder if I should have tried the beach first?
You're doing a great job, Matt.
Radiohead - "Just" (1995), directed by Jamie Thraves
Not so sure this beats counting sheep.
Don't be alarmed this man simply has a case of The Mondays. Someone get him a coffee stat!
You know, "Curb your dog!' was merely a suggestion....
? Blue skies/Smiling at me/Nothing but blue skies/Do I see ? ?
Don't worry, I've stopped the bleeding on my neck.
... So I figure I'm one of the lucky ones; The rest of the gang from the "Human Speed Bump" dept. are on Wall Street ...
And that's why...I'm in a New York state of mind...
I'm your life's hurdle for today.
My mother-in-law arrives today - this is how I warm up.
This is my impression of Jeb Bush.
Can I interest anyone in a slightly used hoverboard?
My wife says I let people walk all over me. Maybe she's right.
So my wife thinks that the Human Resources Dept. is taking their title too literally ...
Just taking things lying down today, folks.
I just can't stand it anymore.
You never could get around me, Fred.
Oh that feels so good! Who's next?
The rat race was just wearing me thin, you know?
It's just like a massage, but free.
I loafe and invite my soul; I lean and loafe at my ease observing these peers of summer pass.
I'm leaving today. I want to depart from it. Those vagabond shoes trod on me every day. I cannot sleep because the hill was too steep. These big city blues are melting away. So bye bye to ole New York, New York!
Banksy was, put lightly, disappointed with his latest piece's impact.
It's OK. I've been down so long, it looks like up to me.
Now I feel at home!
On the next episode of "What Would You Do?", meet people in a hurry.
I thought this city never sleeps.
Yup. Downtrodden.
You ever get the feeling that you're invisible?
Ever notice how inconvenienced people look from below?
I must stop dreaming of New York.
I found that my sit-down strikes were not attracting enough press coverage.
Most other people count sheep jumping over a fence.
....and that cloud looks like a puppy dog.
...And your point being?
You have gum on the bottom of your shoe.
These 'power naps' are addictive.
One small step for man, one giant leap for canine.
That's OK. Ignore the fact that I just fell out of a second floor window. I'm sure you all have important places to go and important places to be.
At last I have overcome my agoraphobia.
I'm not a street person. I'm a person on the street.
Could you put a little more pressure on the left pectoral area?
Sometimes I just like to lie back and watch the world go by.
Slow down, ya move too fast. Gotta make the morning last.
Things were going pretty well until that guy wearing the kilt.
Sometimes you just need an attitude adjustment.
Yipee! Only two hours to rush hour.
I see you are wearing your lifts today Edward.
Funny how they all look like dinosaurs from down here.
Watch it—I'm layin' here!
Once the pigeons developed the Norden bomb sight , things started to take an ugly turn !
Don't mind me. I'm just a chalk illusion.
I'm lying down here! I'm lying down here!
This is not what I meant by being, "Being run over by Life".
Can I tell you about my trip?
Okay, who is the wise guy wearing the metal cleats?
Yeah Max, sit-ups are still best to strengthen your core.
So this is group therapy?
I did not pick the best place to do my sit-ups.
I have reached my lowest point in life.
How you like me now?
where did I go wrong
Anyone else notice how the clouds look like Trump's hair in a windstorm?
A bit more to the left please.
Ah, yes, so this is what our democracy being trampled on feels like.
There's not even a moment's respite on the sidewalk to success.
Sure, just walk over me like you don't see me. I see you! I see the real you!!
What in the world is THIS DREAM about!!!!!
I'm a Republican. This is what we do.
Urban Twister
This is depressing.
After the financial crisis of 2008, it took Bob awhile to get comfortable with his "new" Tempur-Pedic !
Go ahead, take your time, weigh your options, but I would certainly appreciate your vote on Super Tuesday.
Take my job. I'm pointed at it--Suite Five-Oh-Six.
Get your own personal force field shield for only $399 at amazon.com
Who says prostrating oneself before the voters no longer wins elections?!
"Infrastructure Manager" wins grandiose title of the decade.
Thye told me I was getting in on the ground floor
I'm promoting exercise.
I just like to be in the middle of things...makes me feel alive....
And there, quite clearly, is Orion's Belt.
"Stand closer to the window," she said. "What could possibly go wrong?" she said.
Now I know what Cam Newton felt like in Super Bowl 50
How long has it been like that?" "Since Beyoncé's Super Bowl 50 Halftime Show.
Yup, that's a piano, alright.
I'm a one percenter and I deserve it. I'm a one percenter doing penance.It was penance or prison.
I'm ignored at work, my wife ignores me, now this!
Now I know what Kipling meant when he wrote "If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs"
Just as people say 'Socialism has failed in every country that has tried it,' we can safely say that 'Capitalism has failed in every country where socialism replaced it.'
Aaand, commencing mid-life crisis.
My psychiatrist said I need to stop internalizing my problems, but, whatever, just keep moving along if you don't want to listen.
Recent aerial photography now supports the STANLEY-WASN'T-ALWAYS-FLAT theory.
My inferiority complex, Doc? I feel like I'm always being stepped over.
There's gum on your shoe
Quick: This man requires an immediate Heimlich Maneuver !
I'm just the average man on the street
Instead of just drawing a crude outline of the victims body, the detective on this case really displayed some talent.
I see this job as a stepping stone...
Laying down on the job has a literal meaning to Carl.
I......love a parade.....
Tom was fired because he was lying down on the job.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.
living the rat race, from their perspective....
He's still in the middle of things.
Thank you for respecting my personal space.
You need not be in a hurry. Breath in breath out.
Running as a Tea Party congressman. Dont' forget to vote.
My therapist said this was the best way to show people how much I matter.
Wrinkle resistant test kitchen
My my my! Man down and only the dog blinks
Just another hurdle on your way to the top, pal.
Finally, a space in Manhattan I can afford.
...and THAT one looks like a giant castle with a MAN'S nose shooting across it! Isn't this way more fun than the park? ...Uh, are you still playing, son?
You'd be surprised by the strides people are taking these days.
I'm reconsidering joining step classes.
Ah, to be a part of Wall Street.
City views, lively neighborhood, yes- but somehow not quite the rental they promised online.
What, you never heard of vertical integration?
Sing, everybody: 'It's up to you, New York, New York'
Job training for a Walmart employee.
This MC Escher walking tour is a bit over rated.
I'm a government bureaucrat just doing my job.
To think that you people are missing these beautiful cloud formations, really irks me.
'Enjoy increased traffic without lifting a finger,' they said...
I should've used Airbnb.
Bill soon realized he was letting people walk all over him.
Don't mind me.
This is how it must feel to be Jeb Bush at a Trump rally !
I should have jumped from a higher floor.
Hey, this gives me a whole new perspective on why people tend to walk all over me.
Wow, and that one looks like an alligator.
"Say that cloud looks just like Bernie Sanders".
Before becoming an artist, M C Escher was an unsuccessful school crossing guard.
I guess I'll show them that this isn't a city that never sleeps.
Vertigo? Just finish the sketch--I'm getting trampled down here!
I'll tell you one thing. I'll never use airbnb again.
I'm the poster boy for LaidBack.com
But only literally. Metaphorically, I feel quite appreciated.
Why? That's easy." My broker-therapist-realtor said, "Get in on the ground floor. Hit rock bottom. Location, location, location.
I thought it would be like Hollywood Squares but instead it is like being homeless.
I've got the sun in the morning and the moon at night.
Sorry, I'm just a blue sky kind of guy
Great working here at Ergonomics, Inc.
Things are looking up for me
Just be careful, it’s for the new Abramovic exhibition.
I'm blooming where I was planted.
I'm fine…just resting.
As I suspected, it's no different than the office.
My therapist said I need to change the way I look at the world…and it is working.
What do you want from me? I ended my sales pitch with a preposition and yada, yada, yada, I'm here.
I used to let being a push-over bother me. Now I embrace it. It's sorta liberating.
Agreeing to work my way from the ground up sounded more respectable in the interview.
1001, 1002, 1003...
Repent for the kingdom of clod is near.
I just wanted to practice before the wedding.
Ahh! A new perspective is just what I needed!
Miley's here.
This happens everytime we have to switch Cloud providers.
Gee, that cloud looks like a hedge fund manager...and that one's a lobbyist...
Four more years. Four more years.
I'm always chasing rainbows...
Y'know, things DO look different from this end of the skyscraper!
Hey! I'm trying to do situps here!
My wife says I let people walk all over me.
Step lively, people.
No wonder Herb was late for work yesterday. Kinda gives the saying, "over my dead body," a new perspective.
Do you ever have one of those days where it seems as if people are just walking all over you?
He seems really intent on breaking his mother's back.
Now I see what you see in Donald Trump.
Somewhere over the rainbow...
I refuse to travel through the ether with the rest of you plebeians.
Sorry. On staycation till those airline prices drop.
Now things are starting to look up.
First the traffic, and now the humans. I'm definitely going to be late for work.
The sign said 'No Standing'.
I almost made it into the office today.
Don't worry. I'm good.
It's good to be at the center of attention.
So I said to her: "Who needs to pay for a fancy massage therapist?"
This is the best staycation ever.
But I'm a Republican!
Even here in the city, I like to just take a moment to kick back and stare up at the sky.
I'd say not so much 'the horns of a dilemma' as 'heading off on a tangent'.
These pavement drawings are getting really lifelike
My office doesn't allow power naps.
Excuse my white privilege.
They say I should stand up for myself, but I can't get over these clouds.
Can you be down to earth somewhere else?
BE HERE NOW!
Are the political debates over?
And the Gulliver was marooned in the land of the Hurryhuhmns.
Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Just getting material for my book, " Humanity has it's shortcomings".
Can't a man take a leisurely nap around here?
Ah yes, a little lower please
At least the doggie took notice.
My trainer said do as many sit-ups that you can in thirty minutes
That cloud looks like a bear.
Think globally, obstruct locally.
Ah casual Friday
Consider it a wake up call...
Retire, turn on, tune in, drop out.
My boss said I let people walk all over me... he was right!
No I feel like just another man on the street.
The Piltdown Man is not a fake.
Yes! I'm that guy, causing trouble and looking for attention.
It was happening figuratively anyways
At least it's not fashion week!
I'm trying to decide if I want to run for President.
Easy! I may be a one percenter by my shirt in 100 percent cotton.
Believe it or not, folks, ten minutes ago I was a lot like you...
This always happens at crunch time.
Things are finally looking up!
This is were I broke my mothers back.
I'm out here saving soles.
I really gotta quit letting people walk all over me.
Hi! My name is Matt!
We are in pre-production of our new Ab App.
It's true. The neon signs are pretty.
It's performance art.
My therapist said I need a new perspective. I hate it.
I have seven more minutes on my meter.
Well, that tears it. I really have to get a hammock.
Far out. This "man-on-the-street" viewpoint is really trippy.
Hi, I'm Republican and I'm running for Congress.
Tiffany and I are thinking of going off the grid.
That's funny . . . those clouds look a lot like annoyed people
Maybe a less busy sidewalk would be more relaxing.....
If I'm the door mat at work, I may as well be the door mat everywhere else, too.
I did it! I'm invisible! Ouch...
And how do you think a sustainable world will look like in 2050?
This allows the drone to capture my best features.
Thank goodness for my GPS. I _never_ would've found this hotel.
Sorry guys but there was a drastic cut in my vacation time
Are you here to help create my will?
Calling occupants of interplanetary, most extraordinary craft....
I was going to jump but I decided to just lay here and be trampled.
Look, Fluffy, that's what Mommy said happens when someone keeps flat out lying. After a while no one pays any attention to them.
Herbert always did enjoy being the center of attention.
Why do I keep getting stepped over for promotion?
I'd like to cancel our lunch appointment
My doctor told me to get more rest.
Look up! The sky. It's all about the sky.
Caution! Man at Work!
Step on a crack, break your broker's back.
My name is Matt with a double 'T'!
Maybe I should change my name to O'Malley.
I can remember when this spot was a meadow. I'd lay here daydreaming for hours.
Joe liked to get away from the office at crunch time.
No wonder I'm so well liked by everyone!
...and that cloud looks like a businessman.
Empathy has its limits.
Aren't we friends on Facebook?
Just doing my part to keep Portland weird.
I'm surprised that the life of a Tyra Banks Modelland Invisiguy is so relaxing
This is Park Avenue right?
I think I have the floor.
The gal at the massage parlor wanted to charge me $100 for this.
I wanted to get laid in the worst way possible.
Go ahead and try it!! I guarantee things will finally begin to look up
Brother, can you spare a pillow?
Door mat doesn't pay as much.
It's better than getting hotel bed bugs.
Typical Bankers or Banksy?
Lets see, step, stride, tramp, plod, clip-clop, pace, stride, tramp, hop...all of'em are in my Bob's Thesaurus
So this is what it is like to be downtrodden.
I feel irrelevant.
This is my fetish.
I declare myself to be the first human Speed Bump!
What am I doing lying on the floor? Well, what are you doing hanging from the ceiling?
OK it was a Ponzi scheme!
I don't think this "street meditation" idea is going to catch on.
My sleep number is ten.
Earliest Known Escher
This is the only way I can get to 10,000 steps on my Fitbit.
It's part of my initiation for working at Doormats Inc.
That one looks like a size nine.
It hasn't snowed all year....im trying to make a "grit angel"
'X,Y meets Z"
My psychiatrist says I let people walk all over me.
No, I'm Matt, my brother is Art-he's the one you see just inside the door to the Smithsonian.
I'm from a large Irish Catholic family. I do this whenever I get homesick.
My street therapist will be here any minute.
Those boots were made for walkin'. But this Clark Kent suit will walk all over you.
Stepped on a crack, broke my back.
When we let this piano loose how many do you think we can get.
Hey, it's cheaper than a chiropractor.
Wait! I've got the floor!
From here, the ants look like people.
'I'm contemplating the universe in combination with some random upskirting, OK?"
I'm practicing how my work day will be with Bernie in the White House.
Never voted my whole life and proud of it.
I need to keep my obstructionist skills sharp while Congress is in recess.
Doctor, sometimes I have this dream.....
Down, but still in the game!
No, Thanks. Really, I'm fine. I'm just taking a moment to consider a Sanders' Supreme Court.
Sometimes a rat race rat needs to make a pit stop.
?? Don't go chasing waterfalls ...
By turns you sicken and amuse me.
My selfie stick has gone to new heights.
Don't mind me, I'm a stranger here.
Waddaya mean, this is the most pathetic response to a Wall Street crash you've ever seen?
Stomping out the romance of street encounters
This is what is known as "down on your luck!"
Being stepped over and walked on gets me ready for the work day.
Life is a beach ain't it.
Just kidding.
'Relax' hour
My wife says I should view people from another angle.
Can't you hear the pitter-pat And that happy tune is your step Life can be complete On the sunny side of the street
I decided to go on the grid.
Trump Tower elevator step down and up to the White House.
I'm relaxing here! Relaxing here!
I just like being trumpled on.
Finally! A little privacy.
Goodbye student loans!
When I was a kid I had a dream job too: "Modern art."
Careful! Stepping on a crank is 8 years bad luck.
I never understood why we needed a sit-lie ordinance.
My chiropractor is on vacation.
I never realized just how many people step in gum.
Carry on, 99 per-centers , carry on.
Now now, Simon didn't say stand up.
It's called 'Crossfit!'
Eventually, this will catch on.
The New York Massage has replaced the Thai Massage and it is FREE.
Go ahead. Walk right over me, why don't you.
I changed my mind. I AM going to take things lying down.
These yoga trends have become a public nuisance. Now it's the business-person's corpse pose.
It's always nice to get away from the rat race once in a while.
Can't you feel the gravitational waves?
Hey, buddy! Better check the fly!
I guess I will take it lying down
A galaxy of people more important that you.
Et tu, Brute?
It's just over three blocks and my dead body...
I'm a Wall Street Executive Masochist.
Now I lay me down to sleep/And pray the Lord my soul to keep/And if I die before I wake/ Yellow is the cab to take. Hopscotch is a racialist term. Bewails too. Did someone lose a tampon? Hie, ye foreshortened people.
I just love to people watch.
Remember, step on a crack and your old lady goes to the ER.
Don't worry about me--I'm just trying to get into shape for my mother-in-law's visit.
Pardon me, my fault. I thought I got rid of that rib.
You are right boss, here they don't step on me.
I'm trying to clear my thoughts before I vote in the primary.
I think I'll try a new perspective.
#FlatLivesMatter
My psychiatrist said I'm a human door mat, but I consider myself more of a speed bump.
Sure, act like I'm not here.
Street theater performance of 'Death of a Salesman"
Who wants to get in on the ground floor?
Do we care? Ahhh no!
Really, Dude. Your fly is down.
Kumbaya.
Look, guys, if I don't honor my pledge that would be a disgrace.
Performance art meets NYC commuters.
First day in Forensics and they hide my chalk.
I used to lay inside the lobby entrance, but out here on the sidewalk, I am no longer everyone's door mat!
Looks like he had one too many drinks last night.
Hey, watch the iPhone!
Y'all sure have some pricey hotels in this here city.
Turns out Monday morning shavasana is a thing!
I used to like tic-tac-toe.
Love ain't suppose to be this bad...Walk on meeeee
Are these people dumb?Don't they know I am trying to get some sleep?
Look...a blimp!
I've decided to lay low for a while
Are you sure you're CPR certified?
Park Ave? Maybe it was take a nap at Central Park?
I think I overdressed for this speed bump job.
weightlessness addiction: an ignored epidemic
...??...lift my heels up and SHOUT!...throw my head back and SHOUT!
They said the streets are paved with Gord, so I'm just doing my part.
What's all the rush people?
New York and New Yorkers - what's not to love?
Mind the thigh gap.
Pulchritude.
Rocky Mountain highhhh, in Colorado.
As long as I'm on Wall Street, I'm safe
I used to be terrified of elevators,but thanks to years of therapy I couldn't be more relaxed.
These Airbnb's really do make me feel like part of the community.
If I did this in Manhattan, I'd probably be dead by now.
Step on me, break your mother’s knee.
Ahh to be a doormat for a day...
Iiiiiiiiii love a parAAAAAAAde!
So this is a worm's eye view of the Big Apple!
Raised by eagles, George Immerman looked forward to Tuesdays when his mother brought him his lunch.
These boots were made for walkin' .....
Larry's always underfoot.
The poor idiots who pay for a chiropractor.
New York, New York, it's a wonderful town....
My CSI unit ran out of chalk
Chucks epitaph would one day read "Loved a good social experiment"
Can't a guy catch a nap around here?
This is just a trust building exercise.
This performance art stuff is overrated.
Okay Bob, nice swimming with you. looks like this is my stop...
At least they're stepping over me.
The Doc said I have a prostrate problem and recommended a wait and see approach.
Doc was right, this outdoor stuff is great, I feel better already !
Bernie Sanders is raising funds with this Donald Trump 2-D ollar poster.
Now I know what city I am in!
It was cheaper than Airbnb.
You know, they used to call me Flat Stanley!
Seriously, only the dog cares?
Does anyone else see the gravity waves?
Bystander effect my ass.
Did you know they give free Thai massages on Fifth Avenue?
I just got my new "sleep number" mattress. What is your number.
Star light, star bright first star I see tonight...
In training to become a speed bump.
Don't mind the guy paralyzed from a broken neck. Jerks.
And there you see 'The Statue Of Indifference' .
Humans of New York.
Cross. Don't cross.
Step on a crack, break my mother's back? I don't think so!
I've always been a bit of a crack addict.
The sign says no parking or standing!
I'm doing a study on the indifference of man. So far you're all doing great!
I think I'm starting to get the hang of this homeless thing.
What are all these homeless people complaining about? This is great!
You would be surprised at the number of people going commando!
Save your snide remarks. Do you know how hard it is to get an idea off the ground?
I used to be like you, living the vertical life...
We sleep aggressively here, too.
Sir, that's not what they meant by Occupy Wall Street.
I'm not dead, my drug dealer recommended this Yoga posture
Hey!? What's with all the rachises along the street?!
Hand off to Willie at the next corner.
Mindlessness
Heading for the top, are we?
Escher at rest.
Sorry, folks, but I just need some "me" time.
Just pretend I'm not here.
I said to myself to hell with the rat race: it stops right now.
I would move, but the rent is so cheap.
Just needed a taste of home.
I wonder why my wife I was nothing more than a "door mat".
When I worked at Google we had pods for this.
I love people watching.
It's getting increasingly more difficult to stop and smell the roses.
Oh, me? I'm just waiting for a new New Yorker cartoon to caption...
It's number 47 on my Bucket list.
Don't mind me. I'm used to it.
Josh protests the absence of park benches.
No, not in the Originalist sense. I literally mean don't tread on me.
It worked for Rodney Dangerfield.
That big puffy one to the left looks like a cat.
Hugh Hefner is strong!
This is an interesting perceptive.
Only four years and 364 days, and I'll own this block.
Doctor, do you ever have the feeling you're being trampled on?
I have fallen----but don't worry, I CAN get up!!
I've been getting walked on my entire life, may as well add literallly....
Clouds used to look like dragons and elephants - now it's pie charts and bar graphs.
In the days before chalk outlines, police artists created 3D works that no one would erase afterwards.
Fred took laying down on the job too far as usual.
I'm just the fall guy.
There's no place like home......There's no place like home........There's no place like home
No one else sees a white horse?
The cross-over candidate we've been waiting for!
I'm gaining a new perspective.
From here, the only way is up.
I've heard people get rich with Wall Street lies.
Note to self: The assertiveness sessions aren't working.
If only Jack's Sleep Number Bed could adjust to this level of firmness.
The SEC decided that my punishment for stealing billions from pension funds was to jump from a first floor window. Ahhhh, Wall Street.
My yoga teacher says to stop every morning, no matter what I'm doing, for 30 minutes of mindfulness and meditation.
Trust me. Tis better the hurdle be than bang our head into it constantly.
Only one direction to go from here.
That's right, just make believe you don't see me.
It's the Republican alternative to Obamacare
I didn't think I was in your way.
So this is mindfulness and having a conscious experience from a first-person perspective.
Now I know how Jeb Bush feels.
That one looks like an elephant
At last, things were beginning to look up for Bill.
If the Presidential Election were held today ...
That one looks like a businessman. With a briefcase!
Do I have your vote?
Oscar Wilde was right. Some of us are looking at the stars.
All my life it was "What are you going to do with yourself, Potsy?"
I saw this in a Radiohead music video one time.
I used to be a door mat.
How "Walk on By" was inspied.......
It's a new Yoga technique!
It's not a depression exactly, more an energy crisis.
Your feet are problematic.
Sidewalk jam, talk bout lying down on the job!
So this what it's like to be married to other people
Either I move for smart phones, or I'm toast.
I thought that this would be easier than cheating or stealing...
It was on a pleasant June morning in 2015, that Mark Doyle decided, finally, to take it lying down.
I see London. I see France. I see Lucy's underpants.
Maybe I should rethink sales as a career path
I'm a pedestrian speed bump.
And that's today's report from 'Man on the Street'. Back to you, Chuck.
Ironically, my name is Matt.
No offense, but your feet are problematic.
From here, I can see Uranus.
I'm just waiting for the next big thing.
I use to be a stand up guy.
This is so much better than stop and mock!
I called an ambulance but should have gotten a taxi
I could've done without the dog.
It's the opposite of CrossFit.
Why go all the way to the office when people can walk all over me right here.
Don't mind me. Just trying out walking meditation.
I'm on vacation.
I've been shot by Donald Trump!
This does wonders for the sciatica.
This was my favorite spot before it got developed.
That cloud looks like a pedestrian.
I've fallen and I can't hedge funds!
The hell with stopping to smell the coffee!
I'm laying on the drain, happy again, just laying on the drain...
I figured it's time to literally get walked all over.
That one looks like a duck.
He was unequivocal. Whenever I'm feeling stressed, I should just lie down for a few minutes.
"Sure enough, things are looking up.?
I'm adopting a new perspective.
My psychologist says I let everybody walk all over me, but really most people make the effort to jump over.
I've heard he's got major standing desk envy.
I usually do this in front of the subway doors while I post things online.
At the end of the day, human contact is human contact.
... a discouraging word, and the skies are not cloudy all day.
Don't try this at home.
Sir, your zipper is open.
I love this city!
I guess I should have jumped from a higher floor.
Ah, so THIS is what it feels like to be a nobody...
You're a pathetic lot, distracted by life's trivialities.
My psychiatrist told me my perspective was all wrong.
I just LOVE New York City.
My Occupy Wall Street Sidewalk movement is encountering headwinds.
Huh - that one looks like the underside of someone's chin, too!
A-ha! Caught you Farnsworth. You're late!
It was at that moment that Craig realized how the new guy's brownies were different.
Don't tread on me. I'm a Tea Partier.
Until this moment, Terry had never considered himself merely a hurdle in another man's story.
Next, I'm going to literally climb a wall.
IKEA's SIDEWÄLKSENG bed...best part, no assembly required.
This isn't doing the Dab?
Reminds me of my holiday week Cancun Vacation
I don't do this professionally, I'm only a walk on.
Punta Cana, Schmunta Cana.
My shrink told me that I needed to do a little "sole searching".
The clouds are looking particularly miserable today.
Feel the gravity waves, people.
If they're going to walk all over me I may as well take it lying down.
I'm fine, I just decided to take today lying down.
Seems like no one wants to interview the man in the street anymore.
I'm Watching Your Step.
Tom realized his wife was right. Lying doesn't get you anywhere.
Step on a back, break your mother's crack.
Well at least I'm not at work
Charles was afflicted with a rare condition called compulsive meditation.
It only took three days of ignoring to convince Tom he was actually invisible.
Over my dead body!
I never remember Lubbock being this fast paced.
Be more assertive. When you ask them to remove their shoes, don't say Please.
Somebody call 119.
This is Jim Lyon Down reporting from 'walkover world"
I was once like you. Until I learned to stop and smell the roses.
My Realtor wasn't kidding. Only $5,000 a month for a pied-à-terre uptown with city views!
What is this, Grand Central Station?
See, I really do have trouble getting people to listen to me.
There are no empty seats left, so I guess I'll lay down.
I actually have no problem taking this lying down.
I've been laid off so I'm laying down!
I'm the proverbial man in the street.
Thank God for wrinkle-free fabric.
This city definitely could use more parks.
The M.T.A. didn't say anything about man-spreading on the sidewalk.
I just quit my job...I was tired of being treated like a doormat.
I don't get this stay at home vacation idea.
Flat Stanley. All grown up.
ONE UNSEEN BIRD TO SECOND UNSEEN BIRD: "Aren't you glad they don't have wings."
At that moment, I thought a speed bump was a good idea.
Have you ever stopped to just look at the clouds? I mean, REALLY looked?
I forgot to eat my Wheaties this morning.
It's called sidewalk therapy.
I wish my company had sleep pods like Google
The city that never sleeps? Not on my watch!
Mr Johnston discovers the power of hypnosis....."I am dog poop step on me and i will ruin your day....yes i will ruin your day....i am dog poop step on me and......
The hustle and bustle of the big city was really getting Tom down.
So this is what being one of my employees feels like.
Excuse you!
My fifteen minute break is better than anybody's.
Mother named me Matt, now look at me!
Let's see what my Fitbit has to say about this!
I'm beginning to think that the assertiveness training exercises didn't work.
Why yes, my name is Matt...how did you know?
Hurry up, will ya? Your blocking my view of the bunny rabbit cloud!
My analyst thinks it will help me relate to the little people.
My Apple iNap alert went off.
That's right, just ignore me, everybody else does.
Life can be so pedestrian.
These fools continue to fight gravity, a fight they can never win.
I wasn't expecting Madison Avenue to be filled with such sensible footwear.
I lost my day planner.
I want to BE a PART of it - New York, New York!
And now for the rest of the story.
I just realized my insurance covers sidewalk accidents.
Lets pick um up for Chris Christie, just ahead.
Don't mind me, I'm just a sidewalk painting
life without a soulmate
I'm a performance art piece titled, "Banking Reforms."
Here we go again. Jerks interrupting my nap.
Wall Street christens Walk of Fame.
"I'm just the
There's no chalk outline, so I'm cautiously optimistic.
I feel like everyone walks all over me.
When you party to hard the night before!
Things are finally looking up for me.
Incredibly, our first contact with a perpendicular universe goes unnoticed.
Concrete is man-made.
My wife says I'm lazy.
It's getting hard to find a place to exercise.
Did you know your insurance may not cover tripping over me?
I, too, was an upstanding citizen. But I'm happier now.
Nom Myoho Renge Kyo.....
My wife wants me to understand how it feels to have people walking all over me.
You're the first New Yorker to notice.
Seriously, Dave, brown shoes with black pants?
Such are the tribulations of being named Matt.
I thought I'd enjoy living closer to work.
Frankly, you should be happy we live in a country where I can do this.
Power naps are so important to your day!
I really hate to inconvenience any of you, but I just collapsed and am short of breath. Would one of you be so kind as to please call 911?
Ever heard of a little band called Radiohead?
Watch your step there, buddy.
After Donald Trump left The Apprentice, I decided to take up a new past time.
From down here, you all look like pants!
I'm having a T-shirt made that reads "I'm Everybody's Door Mat.
I love making new enemies on the social platform.
I just couldn't function without my 11:30 trampling.
Hey, Everybody! Look Down Here, People--Look At Me! Is There A "Good Samaritan" Anywhere! ? !
A bunnie or maybe a clown.
Worst Airbnb ever.
You could use a spring in your step
The view from the glass ceiling.
Could you please ask the street painter to add a pillow?
In this economy, it’s good to get in on the ground floor.
Spring at the park
I’m one of those people that can fall asleep anywhere.
Let’s see how YOU like being occupied!
Just think, I use to pay for massages.
I have an important statement to make if you care to hear it.
I'm looking for that "man on the street" perspective.
Whatever happened to the miniskirt?
With lower approval ratings than a cowhide, this chic rug made with a banker is in!
I'm building my immunity for the meeting with corporate this week.
Don't mind me, I'm just getting off that ill-fated cruise ship and needed some sun wherever I can get it!
You know my last girlfriend used to call me a doormat...
My fitness app crashed.
I'm preparing for the next debate.
What the hay, it's my last day.
Oddly, my middle of the road position just annoys people.
Seriously, tread on me.
I thought this was the trust exercise.
Just for a change, it actually feels good being the one stepped on.
Jim Poindexter always wanted to one of the wolves of wall street - if only he didn't get so tired.
You know what they say? "It's important to always stay grounded."
My wife found the idea on Pinterest.
It's been just one of those days. . . .
No longer will people walk all over me when I'm least expecting it.
Doctor, I have a recurring dream where nobody pays attention to me.
There are right ways and wrong ways to fix a cracked sidewalk.
Don't jump squares!
They go around me or over the top. I dream of being Dictator!
I think of myself as a facilitator.
I used to pay good money for this!
I tripped the light fantastic, that's why.
This is my life if the banks resort to negative interest.
Jerry developed his own unique way to celebrate Passover.
Just admiring the glass ceiling.
I'm a middle of the roader.
That one looks like a bunny!
Sit-in protests are so 60's.
I will take this lying down.
Dr. Zemf's relaxation techniques were effective, but controversial.
If I don't wake up soon, I'm going to start thinking this is real ...
It looks just like him. Who drew this Trump L'Oeil?
I've decided not to enforce my borders!
Yep. Life's just a patchwork quilt.
In my Mindfulness Training course, I was instructed to simply lie down in corpse pose when I became stressed and remember to breath. They claimed that no one would mind, and boy, were they right.
It's all about knowing how to relax.
Once you go slack...
I'm taking a traffic survey
Cloudy, with a chance of hamhocks.
My mother was right. I always let people walk all over me.
Yes, I've checked my white male privilege. Why do you ask?
Just thought I'd see if I could trip you up
Watch out for my funny bone.
I certainly am learning to appreciate sidewalk art.
It's bad luck to step on a crackpot.
If he doesn't jump soon, I'm leaving.
Did you ever look at the sky? I mean really look at it?
This guy is over the top.
Hey buddy, why are you... oh that's right, it's National Skirt Day.
My wife says I let people walk all over me...do you think that's true?
Honey, let's not use Airbnb next time, OK?
I've opted to just lie down and talk the talk...
Life's a beach.
Please tell the team that I will be thinking outside the box today.
The word on the street, is you are going places
I've already worked my way up from punching bag.
I prefer to judge a man when I can see up his nostrils.
He can't wait to get to the beach.
Somehow when I thought of how my life would flash before my eyes, I thought my life would look a little more extraordinary.
Are you interested in an exciting ground floor opportunity?
You're all so pedestrian.
Did you ever notice how helpful New Yorkers are?
You don't half to jump; I'm two dimensional.
Bob "The Human Doormat" enjoys his vacation in Manhattan.
Its my latest performance art, I call it "Republican Obstructionism".
You didn't say "may I"!
Sometimes you just gotta stop and take in the city
I love relaxing in Times Square!
Oh, if I could only be a fly on the wall!
Have a blessed day.
It was either this 100 hours community service or Danbury.
I've been putting this off long enough.
Hey Jack, be nimble!
"City sidewalk, busy sidewalks." If only Bing could hear me now!
Where the sidewalk Eds.
'Ok, then, I WILL lay down on the job."
As a candidate, I just want to learn what life on the streets is all about.
I love my family.
I'm the amended version of Mount RushMore.
Just lying down on the job..
Can't a guy birdwatch in peace anymore?
" Whatever it takes to get to the Top".
Don't walk on me!
That's it folks, watch your step!
She says I was a doormat--I'll show her.
You think I look silly?
? Daydream believer and a cog in a machine ?
No roses around ... so I'm just just taking the time.
At least it's not raining.
Right foot blue.
I told you Yoga in the Park wouldn't work...
I can't sleep!
Excuse YOU. Excuse YOU. Excuse YOU...
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.
And to think I once thought mindfulness was a bunch of crap.
As CEO of my family's business, I never experienced being stepped over for a promotion.
So I said boss, I'm tired of you stepping all over me.
Well doc, the hallucinations are getting better but that mysterious pain in my back is getting worse.
And then I thought, "To heck with the fifteen minutes, I'll just take the fifteen square feet!"
Hoping not to blink, be mistaken for sleeping in public and arrested.
Calm down! I'm a senator!
Although Gulliver survived, thousands of Lilliputian reenactors were killed when organizers failed to obtain permits necessary to close off the street.
Slow down and smell the sidewalk.
Apparently a one-story leap leaves the wrong impression.
Any witnesses? I am the first victim of a gravity wave.
Let's pretend I'm chalk art, o.k.?
Sorry. The corporate ladder is broken.
Well, at least I'm in the New Yorker.
fitbit malfunction
This is ground control to Major Tom.
I coulda done this full time if I didn't get into business
Reserve a space for me in the meeting. I am getting a quick massage.
Goodbye Blue Monday
Feel the Bern!
Wall Street? No, this is Fall Street.
That''s one small step for man, one giant leap....
I guess I should not have chosen to jump from the second floor.
Yodel dee, yodel dye; what a beautiful sky.
It's the way I meditate.
I need to get more sleep !
You're welcome.
Am I in the wrong cartoon?
I'm not sure the "plein air" concept will work for urban office space.
What's your story?
La, la - la, la - la, you don't really exist anymore.
I got Obama-care, so I don't need to care.
I just don't feel like a real Republican if I'm not doing my part to obstruct progress.
OK, I'll show you what the Government is doing to me!
Peril of a one-dimensional presidential candidate.
Heh, heh. Think I'm 3-D chalk art, don'tcha?
Ever slept for 4 days in coach on Amtrak? This is heaven getting into the station finally!
So this is what it feels like to be the Constitution of the United States. . . .
Today, I'm feeling wrinkle free.
Trimming that stubborn tummy fat was never so easy
My name's Matt, nice to meet you.
I look straight, but my orientation has always been a flat out lie.
Did you ever have one of those days where you feel like everyone is walking all over you?
I'm getting married in the morning! Ding dong! The bells are gonna chime.
I my be down, but things are lookin' up.
The truest path to enlightenment is to be the path
Can you spare any change for a new suit?
Once again, Devon will be late for his weekly narcolepsy support group meeting.
Not a single pigeon this morning.
Ok, we're going to need to bunch up a little more... When I give the word, Lennie you drop a sheet of copier paper, we all jump on, and Whola!! Finally, we're all on the same page!!
I hate it when all kinds of people walk all over me.
My doctor told me to relax between meetings
That severance package isn't quite what I expected.
So it's true what they say about New Yorkers.
Sometimes, I feel as though people treat me like a doormat.
I'm worth more as an endangered species rug.
You want ground game? I'll give you ground game.
The low road is easier, but the risk is greater.
But I am working. My job is to count pedestrian traffic at this spot.
Don't mind me, I'm people watching during my lunch break, its a covered sport under my insurance policy.
Chillax, we're in the midst of a high-tide of gravitational waves coming in man, can't you feel em?
Doctor, Never mind my childhood - I just feel that life is passing me by
Woah! That cloud looks like a derivative!
Really? Literally?
My therapist says I need a new perspective on life.
The morning rush CAN be fun!
Do you have a minute to talk about ways to improve awareness of mental health?
I'm fine thanks. Just trying to see what my interns feel like.
Yup...just one of the 99%.
I find it less painful than occupying the street.
Here I laid to rest.
Vote for the legalization of Pot Therapy.....the benefits are obvious to all.
Jeb's latest attempt to garner attention from voters on the street was trampled….
I'm laying in state, the state being New York.
Hey you, you stepped on a crack.
I'm drone watching.
I'm a congressman--obstruction is my job.
Nyah nyah nyah, I can't hear you. Or see you.
A jackass? I think it looks like a bunny rabbit.
When you said "office visits are extra" Doctor, I didn't realize you were speaking literally.
Are all you people really short? Or is it just that my perspective has changed?
When your body says, "Nap," nap and let folks go where and do what theirs demand.
What's your sleep number?
Please tread lightly," the man murmured softly, "this was a terrible day to have forgotten my jock strap at home.
I just want to lie on this sidewalk and be a friend to man.
Shiatsu is $150 a session...
I lost 200 pounds and I ate bread every day!
I'm testing a whole new approach to giving people a feel for upward mobility.
I was seeking a well-grounded argument against the politics of obstructionism, one that is not easily ignored, and when it hit me I was floored.
Sure beats San Francisco prices.
It came highly rated on Airbnb.
" WHO SAID PERVERT ' !!
I don't know about this so called white privilege. No one has bothered to bring me a pillow.
You have it all wrong. I'm Matt . . .with two Ts.
who said the city never sleeps?
My therapist told me that it was time to start putting myself out there.
Things are topsy-turvy, from my perspective.
That's right just walk all over me!
Ed 's hypnotist is particularly effective.
Don't mind me—I'm just doing market research for a company that removes gum from shoes.
Finally, a view with some entertainment.
You know they say, "Every job has its stress."
My wife says I'm a doormat, so I'm waiting for her to walk home.
Ok. You don't look Mexican so you can go, but that dark skinned guy behind me has to stay where he is because I am THE WALL.
Mental note to self: schedule ‘me time’ when there’s less foot traffic.
It's OXYmoron, mister.
Keep moving! My wife says this is part of my homework for couples therapy.
Owwwmmmmmmmmmmmm.
just power napping...keep it moving and no rubber necking
Now that I've retired I miss being walked on. Thanks.
how long until I qualify for a tumblr?
David gave up texting-while-walking for Lent and needed a new way to disrupt sidewalkers.
In deference to the SPCA, I have my workers jump over me as I go to sleep
It isn't easy to see meteor showers in the city
I thought today was business casual?
1) You're overextending your stride, 2) your fly is up, and 3) Happy National Margarita Day!
I just needed a nap; I was sure no one would notice.
Yep it's great to find a place where no one will bother you
When you're treated like a doormat at home, sometimes you need a change of scene.
That was no ordinary schnitzel.
It used to be easy to draw a crowd in New York.
Everyone's getting cushioned soles this holiday
Finally--a concrete alternative to the rat race!
Urban sprawl finally reached me.
The view from the office is not nearly as nice
Watch the pocket! I still have some Twinkies!
We hope we're not in the way of your leisure time by carrying out our day in a normal fashion...
Uncle Busby would understand.
Ground control to Major Tom...
So then I asked myself, 'What am I doing? Where am I going? Why?' Somebody's got to stop this madness.
Every few years they update the methods for CPR. This is part of our Urban Environment Survival Series.
I talk the talk!
This is oddly refreshing... I'm so used to it being the other way around, where I'm stepping over people.
Chalk art meets the Upper East Side
The chiropractor said this would help heal my mother's back.
I've waited four years to do this.
It's an entry level position!
This was the quickest way I could think of to check everyone's privilege.
Looks like another hit-and-run victim.
Wait! You haven't heard of Occupy Wall Street: The Sequel?
Post 9/11 kindness,anyone?
It's great to be back in New York.
You probably know my column: Man on the Street.
hey bro
Now I have to figure out why I let people walk all over me.
Little do they know, there's a grenade in my pocket.
And the guy with a briefcase looks to finish a close second!
The earth is flat . . . they don't exist . . . the earth is flat . . . ouch
"When the going get's tough.....stop going".
Please, no heels.
I can't believe all the nose hair I'm seeing.
My little town blues are melting away...
Maybe I took a wrong turn getting to Central Park
Try being invisible. See how YOU feel.
At first I was skeptical but my career counselor was right. Things are beginning to look up from here.
gosh , some people just think it's all about them !
Just another down sizing idea.
GO AHEAD,EVERYBODY ELSE DOES.
Saturday on the Sidewalk With George.
I tried to tell mom in Giltner that this is life in the city. "I wanna go home".
Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why then, oh why can't I?
Our CEO insisted we all play Truth or Dare at today's board meeting.
I told my shrink I feel invisible to people and he didn't believe me.
From a distance, the food chain makes sense.
I’m in training for a Senate race.
There's a lot of noise and not much privacy. But the price per foot was terrific.
Step right over me, that's what everyone else doesn't do.
Jane complains Dick lets people walk all over him.
...like a bridge over troubled water...
Birdman's ending, director's cut.
So far your the highest!
Gadsden would be rolling over in his grave if he had one
While stargazing in Grand Central, Hal wonders when the lights will be restored.
Swing your partner then dosey-doe.
Harold's out-of-body experience made him reluctant to go back.
I live in a NYC apartment. I feel at home here!
I guess I just feel like the world is passing me by.
Step lively and mind the lap.
I was walking home after work. I thought everything was fine. It's daytime now, could be days later. I'm not starving, so I'm thinking it's just the next day. Better go back to work. Shucks.
One of the benefits of working for a premiere investment bank: mid-day sunbathing right outside my office.
Life is sweet on the sunny side of the street
Aah...there's no place like New York in the springtime.
These New York camping nights are beautiful oh look there is the big dipper
Isn't this a James Turrell ceiling?
Help! I've fallen off the corporate ladder.
Wow, that cloud looks like an angry businessman!
I'll be home shortly, I've installed the transportation App.
Finally, some peace and quiet away from the wife and kids.
Hi Folks, welcome to our latest 'Cups of Steel' infomercial ... today we're in downtown Manhattan just sort of hanging out.
First: Get a foot in the door, Second: Step over someone. Third: It's lonely at the top.
Tired of counting sheep, Fred tries something new...
Living off the grid is looking more appealing every day.
I recommend lowering your expectations.
These two dimensional street artist drawings seem so real, I actually stepped over it~!
Talk about being society's doormat...I guess I'm it.
Actually, I prefer Matthew.
Nice guy, but he lets people walk all over him
My therapist said I need to feel under other people's feet for a change.
Every hurdle strengthens you for the next.
Mondays.
Yes, this is the beginning of the "Hamilton" box office line for tomorrow's matinee.
I trust you. I trust you. I trust you. Wait a minute!
The key to success in this business is understanding the view from the street...
Without my Blackberry I'm useless!
She said, "Go to a peaceful place."
Your mother will thank me.
'Guys just step-jump over, gals all go around ... interesting."
Every CEO needs to experience this once, then realize why we usually do the stepping on.
I feel like I am flying in Coach.
Vote for Jeb!
Finally, I have a different perspective on life.
Has anybody seen me lately?
I've probably taken more 2:00 a.m. phone calls than anyone on that panel.
'Tis the reprobate recumbent life for me.
The definition of life in a nutshell.
Eminent domain.
Usually I let my boss do this, but he’s out of town.
Everybody's walking on me I can't hear a word they're saying...
I learned this at Disney World.
Life passes yet I lie here unnoticed.
I want to be one more Republican in Congress!
Not the nipples. NOT THE NIPPLES!!
When life knocks me down, I just lie down and take it.
Thank you for stepping over me, thank you for ........
East side ..west side... all around the town!
Well, since you asked, I have a meeting at twelve and needed my suit pressed.
Stepping on my heart is not a short cut !!!!!
I could move.
Caution, walk across.
Mom always said women would walk all over me. So far they're just walking around...
Hurry up! Woof, woof! Come on! Step on it!
I hate performance artists
You were right, Macy: "Try to walk away and I stumble..."
What happened to "Stand by Me"?
I work from the ground up.
It's the ones using their smart phones that I worry about
Note to self....Mid Life Crisis....less busy sidewalk...
I'm manbacking. Deal with it.
Bob was amazed, having thought he was the only one who could stick to the ceiling.
The doctor said I should take it easy
Don't tread on me.
I could use a pick me up.
Occupy Wall Street was never like this.
A societal outlier indeed, and proud of it!
I'm the company stepping stone. It's part of our non-discrimination program.
Who's up for some flash mindfulness?
I am fulfilling my dream of being like my congressman, a blockage to the regular folks.
My dad always told me to get in on the ground floor then lie my way to the top.
I just love people-watching.
That cloud looks like a shoe...That cloud looks like a boot...
He's sole searching.
I didn't trip...I just decided to take a power nap.
Geez...I feel like cholesterol!
Hey, Hey! Ho, Ho! Raising tax rates on carried interest gains has got to go!
Well, I did say that I wanted to pave the way for others in the firm.
You mean Doormat for a Day isn't a real charity?
I'm just a sidewalk goofball named Leroy. Hooboy! Leroy's back in town. Wait until Hillary wins. Hooboy!
And then I thought, 'Why am I even bothering to stand up?'
Best damned brownies I've ever had!
Ah it's nice to back.
Wait, was it 'lean in,' or 'lay down'?
One story at a time: Under-Humans of New York
Hey buddy, where's the fire?
Trying to figure out if the older you are, the lower they hang.
It smells like a fish market down here.
Help?
Always wondered why Mother said " try to stay out from underfoot" ?
"Sometimes I feel so defeated.
I'm just raising awareness of our homeless.
What makes Sammy run and jump over sidewalk paintings?
Consequences of the Open Office.
I'm for The Donald. Don't Tread on Me.
Don't you just love New York?
This is a rather painful perspective!
My chiropractor is booked for the week.
Whoever said eating turkey at lunch would make you tired was RIGHT
Tell Mankoff I'm still thinking
Sure, it hurts my front, but it's great for my back.
I call it "Urban-Foraged Shiatsu"...
habitual lying is a real condition. Look it up.
If I hear bag pipes, I'm out of here!
Very good! You're all learning to overcome obstacles!
Have you heard about the gravitational waves?
Stephen Stone's my name, helping others get ahead's my game.
First one to accidentally slip and put their genitals on me is a rotten egg!
Damn, Trump must have won today....
Can one of you guys call an ambulance?
Its so much better to be one of the cracks in the system than to fall through one!
Sometimes you just gotta stop and smell the gum.
My Sidewalk Supervisor position certainly keeps life in perspective.
This just goes to show that I'm nobody's doormat.
I have got to see a doctor for this narcolepsy.
I felt that everyone should be able to say they had to climb over someone to get to their position at work.
Anybody have the correct time?
This is not what I imagined when they said I'd be working under people.
MoMA lifetime achievement award
I think I'm having an out-of-cartoon experience.
I like being in the middle of things.
And another hundred people just got off of the train... God I love Sondheim!
I think I fall asleep faster counting sheep.
I said ,these boots wernt made for walkin.
I got caught in the under toe.
I want to thank you all for attending this skip level seminar.
It's the only real estate left in the city I could afford.
Begin your yoga sequence by aligning yourself with the Dow Jones index.
People are always misunderstanding me.
My therapist said to make mindfulness a part of my daily commute.
During Lunch, on the day of the Grammies, John decided to have his own Adele Moment.
I knew she was asking for it when my mom named me Matt.
This is what I do on Mondays
Laissez-Faire Capitalism
Hey buddy, you're not an attractive nuisance.
Don’t step on a crack . . .
Watch me turn invisible with just two words: "Spare change?"
That's life. Riding high in April, shot down in May. But I'll be back on top in June.
Now I can see why Flat Stanley peaked as a kid.
I'm beginning to have doubts about the open floor plan.
You are on Candid Camera.
Flat Stanley-origin story.
Without the other Occupiers it's really quite lonely.
Hey! I'm layin' here!
You must have eaten your Wheaties.
Yeah, I like it very firm--my Sleep Number is WAY off the dial.
I'm just waiting for the Universe to tell me what to do.
They were right. The building looks so much taller from this angle.
It's only annoying when they stop. As you have!
Smile, you're on Candid Camera.
I guess I am going to take this lying down after all.
What's the point?
I take manspreading to a whole new level.
Even out of work I'm still getting stepped on.
Woah, watch your step sir, thanks
Richard playing it cool after another botched suicide attempt.
Dog: "Every human must have its day."
Oh, give me a home where the buffalo roam..............
Man - I sure hope I nail this speed-bump interview
I'm building a wall...and Juan Valdez is paying for it. Then you're all banned. Cuz you're just a bunch of low-energy war heroes who get captured...I coulda been president instead of a billionaire bum...let's face it - it was you, Hillary!
Finland!
This year I decided to go for a more literal interpretation of Pesach.
It's a social experiment showing how immune people are now to social experiments.
I refuse to listen to Kanye's new album as long as it remains a Tidal exclusive.
Who would believe this view for only $2,000 a month?
Oh boy! Here comes a skirt!
Ignore him, Marge, he's trying to look up the skirt of the Stature of Liberty.
They said "Don't try this at home."
"I'm so popular, I could sleep on the sidewalk on 5th avenue and not lose a single vote." Donald Trump
My boots were made for nothing!
Nice tie!
It just shows that I am too big to fail.
Letting people walk all over me makes me feel oodles better than when they did it against my will.
I gotta get my own place
On reflection Jack realised you can overdose on Zen stress management
We also serve, who watch and wait.
Still beats Conference Bike meetings.
Hey bud, the center lane is not open til 5pm.
President Trump.
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed
I can lay in the middle of 5th Avenue and I wouldn't lose voters!
Just wanted to know what it feels like to be the economy.
I hope someone takes a snapchat of me
Don't step on me -- I'm a lawyer.
It's cheeper than getting a massage.
Pardon the inconvenience. I'm a work in progress.
Don't tread on me, buster!
Close Encounters of the 'Walk on by' Kind
...four hours without being spat upon, robbed, or actually stepped on! My faith in humanity is restored!
Okay, who stood on the crack?
" My wife keeps telling me to ' Just stop and smell the roses.' Got any roses?''
I said, 'a fly on the wall.'
Well how about that there ARE 300,000 little holes in the ceiling!
Let's stop tip toeing around the 'Pedestrian on the Sidewalk' ... shall we?
Higher still!
I told you New Yorkers wouldn't notice!
My vacation starts right now
I've always wanted to try a walking vacation.
Excuse me! I'm doing situps!
Oh my God! Clouds look like bunnies even in New York!
Looks like white lives don't matter - either.
People be trippin'
That's okay. I'm used to be walked on all over.
ahhhhh.....melting pot.....
I'm waiting for Nancy Sinatra.
. . . and that was the first time that I felt truly detached from myself and my surroundings.
My psychologist said I need to enhance my feelings.
I think I need to tell my therapist that this whole "becoming one with the earth" thing isn't working.
Desperate times call for desperate massages.
My wife says that I let people walk all over me.
Watch out, you might get Doug on your shoe.
The only true measure of foot traffic.
Calvin regretted clicking on the link that promised "These DIY Massage Hacks Will Save You Time, Money and Stress."
And that cloud looks like a man!
Meanwhile on Waltz Street in Manflatten.
Was that the old lady from next door? "Woof"
Donald Trump went the other way!
This reminds me of my last marriage.
That one looks like an airplane. Or a rabbit.
"Play safe. Teleport with us." an ad from the near future.
You know, Mondays without rain aren't so bad.
Ahhh..things are starting to look up
Oblivion No5, pour Homme
M.C. Esher, I hate you!
There's a cartoonist on the ceiling.
I'm tired of people stepping all over the 1%
I'm working my way up to wallflower.
Yes Sir, I'm in the middle of a breakdown, please move along like everyone else.
..me lazy! I'll show her. tomorrow; early next week, tops.
Who cares? It was just a job. I'm on top of the world.
So what do think, better than a handprint?
I've fallen and don't want to get up!
No need to worry, I'm a politician and landed on my billfold.
I'm a Situationalist. Deal with it!
Of course, this could just be a dream.
Just a typical day at the office and getting walked on
He quickly realized that real estate with a view at this price range had obvious downsides.
Now I get why they call it a manhole cover.
Sorry. I overshlept today.
...and that one looks like Mount Rushmore! Is anyone else seeing this?!?
Star light, star bright. The first star I see tonight...
Go ahead Trump walks all over me!
Started from the bottom...
Hey, look. Those clouds look just like sheep.
She keeps saying I let people walk all over me...where's she getting that?
I must become the sidewalk to master the sidewalk.
Just retired.
My daughter is an art major at NYU. She calls this piece "Duped Dad."
Counter-clockwise, my good man; counter clockwise.
Does this remind anyone of our foreign policy?
I have decided to take control of my fate.
Hop Scotchman
Well, my relator did say there were skyline views.
Wow, Alex told us he was unafraid of hard work. Look, like Daniel in the den of lions, he lays down next to it, and sleeps like a bay, trusting in his Federal Worker's Union to take care of him.
Ah, just stopping to espy the drones.
Dog: "It really is a dog-eat-dog world."
step step step
Now that I'm Mayor, I have changed my view of the people I was elected to serve.
It's really a kids game, but you're welcome to try it.
It's the new 8 Minute Abs workout
My shrink said this would help me understand income inequality.
Can someone point me to Wall Street?
This is not about me!
Like property - three things matter in mindful meditation - location, location and location.
I've been workin' on the ra-ail ro-oad, a-all the live-long da-a-a-ay . . . .
This isn't as relaxing as I had imagined.
Consider this a grammar lesson. I like to 'lie' on the sidewalk, so I 'lay' myself down on it.
I'm the new ad man for "death of a salesman" opening on Broadway next month.
There's something about polluted city air and a good foot to the chest that brings you straight back to reality.
Hi, I represent the political establishment; you got a minute?
At least I'm not a doormat.
Results of test: City folks do not like to get involved.
Never a dull moment
My wife and my boss walks all over me, why not you people too.
So she told me, if you want people to stop using you as a doormat, you should start by getting a new therapist, or at least a real one.
Careful...white lives matter
Tan lines won't be a problem.
Hey, someone's got to keep the occupy movement going.
Yes, I'm sure this photo of me will go viral on Facebook!
When your only tool is a heel, everyone looks like a rug.
I've fallen and I can't give a damn.
And there you have it, folks - urban empathy - from your man on the street....
When Banksy Rests
Why does my therapist keep saying I let people walk all over me?
Buddy can you spare a couple bucks? I am flat-on-my-back broke."
Ahh! Nothing better than a good old fashioned NYC trample massage!
... and that one looks like a bunny rabbit...
Your fly's open.
I'm sick and tired of New York, but I'm not going to go back to Peoria until somebody notices me.
Remember when I said I wouldn't take this lying down? I lied.
And that cloud looks like a shoe, and that one, and that one...
I'm laying here! I'M LAYING HERE!
I don't remember sit-ups being so difficult.
I used to do this to save parking spaces, but the sidewalk's less lonely.
'Walk a mile—,' they say. But then what?
Watch where you're stepping mister.
... oh just market research on inseams.
Don't even think about it, ya damn mutt.
As life passes by Irving.
I call it "Frugal Street View".
Now I know what being homeless feels like. I'm voting for Bernie.
An attempt at a contemporaneous presentation of Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot", "Quad" and "Endgame" proved totally disastrous.
My name is Matt...Why do you ask?
Well, when I was born, my mom said "Welcome, Matt".
I'm getting a new perspective on life.
How I miss the clouds in Big Sky Country.
Doctor's orders, I'm resting my back.
I won't stand for it.
See? After twenty-four hours, the suit is still scuff resistant.
Yes, everything does look up from here.
Just imagining where I'll end up after the next financial crisis.
Still beats sitting at my desk.
It's a working vacation.
Don't mind me I'm just conducting a study in economical masseurs.
My name is Jeb, I DO STUFF !
Sometimes I feel like everybody just walks all over me.
Have you guys ever considered how ridiculous you must appear in the eye of the Great Parrot?
You know, I could do this all day, if there were some point to it.
Oh God... They're everywhere!
Leaving the Executive Team baffled, Walk-on-Management Day turned out to be a raving success.
It's a metaphor for something.
Don't you know dramatic relief when you see it?
Get a room.
It's either this or we put in a "turn about".
I should have taken the 30 days instead of opting for "community service.
We really could use another park around here.
My therapist said I let people walk all over me, so I'm trying to curb that.
It's OK, this is part of my Middle Management Training.
Step on a crack and break your mother's, I mean, my back.
It's the not-in-your-face polling method.
I'm comfortable working from the ground up
You guys probably think I'm mad about this, but actually I think this whole situation is hilarious. In fact, it's even more funny to me that you think I'm mad. Because I'm not mad. Not at all. I'm laughing right now, about all of this.
I'm not sure this crowdsourcing therapy is going to work.
And so the great grandson of Christopher Gadsden, recent tea party enthusiast, thought long and hard for a slogan for their new flag.
Stress Yoga
If you think your job is bad, try counting boogers for a living.
It's cheaper than buying an Oculus Rift.
I'm beneath you walking over me
That yoga has sure made me feel grounded.
That cloud also looks like Vicodin.
Occupy Park Avenue! Join the OPA movement and let's change street parking rules forever!
Ahh, just like home.
I'm preparing for national dress day.
Yep, there are twelve step programs and there are Twelve Step Programs.
Free hugs!
Bravo! You're all passing The Apathy Test with flying colors--except for the dog. He looked back in concern.
When you wish upon a star.......
My therapist told me to meet him here.
The cop just went back to get his chalk.
I love 3-D sidewalk art.
Dow's down 650, but things are starting to look up.
Best massage ever!
Day one of my "live your metaphors" challenge. After letting people walk all over me, I have to wear my heart on my sleeve and be a night owl.
Choosing to stay in the moment, Jeffrey still had to be aware of pigeons overhead.
There just wasn't enough opportunity for lateral progression on Wall Street.
Hey, I'm the Mayor!
I might need an ice bucket after this challenge.
I've had it with these inane roundabouts!
Welcome to EXTREME team building!
What!!!, nobody is wearing a skirt today.
Hi, I'm Jay Rogowski, I'm running for Congress from the 3rd District!
These sidewalk chalk drawings are getting more and more realistic.
I like to call it "Occupy Flatbush Avenue."
this looked a lot more private when i booked it
This igloo wasn't built to last.
The "Occupy Easy Street Movement" speaks out.
We get the new intern. We get to walk all over the new guy.
But your attempt would have been successful if you didn't have first floor office.
Sure, just walk all over me. I'm used it, I'm married.
Being homeless doe not mean one must dress poorly and live alone.
Can't WAIT for this to go viral.
Hey! Hi! Hello! Hey There!
...depends on your point of view!
This is the only place I get coverage on my network.
Gulliver put me here.
I knew I was a pushover, but I never thought they'd actually walk all over me.
No one said a 12 step program would be easy
And that cloud looks like a bunny!
Abdominal crunch flash mob anyone?
Tonight this will still be the best spot to see the 4th of July fireworks.
Man, the gutter was way less stressful.
Could someone make sure my hoverboard doesn't get run over?
Up to the minute traffic and weather.
I've got 99 problems but sleeping ain't one of them.
When I was a kid this was all open meadow.
Alright! OK! another hurdle down.
You're always yelling "don't let people walk all over you" actually it feels pretty good!!!
The end is at hand.
You're right. It's a bird.
It's gotten easier with the whole health craze.
Carl's oxycodone prescription ran out.
Matt. What's your name?
Watch my junk!
When asked for his opinion on the new sidewalk, Wyatt quipped, “Not sure yet–let me sleep on it.”
So this is what the 99% feels like.
That cloud looks like a guy stepping over me.
Oh how I love the bustle of the city!
Go ahead, my wife does it all the time.
The speed limit is one block a minute, folks. No pushing and no shoving.
Hey, I'm lyin' here! I'm lyin' here!
Please don't knock my block off.
Where’s Escher when you need him?
Sure, it looks easy but I worked my way up from the gutter.
It's Matthias. But call me Matt.
Ooh, and that cloud looks like a commodities trader!
A good place to take a break... nobody disturbs you.
We cut back on chalk in the last police budget.
I'm interviewing to be a congressional aide.
Nothing to see here folks, just another victim of the status quo
Would you please do my back next?
That's a 7 on form ..... a 9 on elevation.
Ah, spring.
Is it too late to OCCUPY Wall Street?
Restarting the campaign plan from the ground up.
Beats spending thousands on a Temper-Pedic.
If it weren't for the Brooks Brothers suit you'd call me homeless.
Maybe if I wore the blue suite someone would notice me?
Not my best airbnb stay, but also not my worst.
They really will walk all over me.
Sorry, but Wall Street was occupied.
I put the 'social' in lounging.
I'm being trampled but things are looking up.
This isn't what I had in mind when you said "Stomp" was awesome.
I have to say, things are looking up...
Look out for the strict obstructionist!
It's cheaper than the sessions with my Mistress.
Because it's here.
This feels like summer camp compared to date night with my wife!
Now, a little to the left.
The geese in formation look best from this angle.
Just standing my ground, fellas! It's the law.
That one looks like an angry commuter who needs his shoes resoled.
I will never join you, not over my dead body.
Ahhh, cheapest massage in Manhattan.
Sometimes I like to be reminded of what the world will look like when the market crashes.
hey, excuse me, I only look like Jeb Bush!
I won the lottery, I won the lottery!
You're blocking my sun, buddy!
This is how we did street view in the good ol' days.
Woof…wowa!
Last time I book a room on Airbnb from HomelessTom.
The pavement is warm for February.
Doesn't anyone have the courtesy to say, "Excuse me."
Our company's Drone is taking my new ID picture for work.
It was at that moment when Matt turned away from the bright light and looked back down at his lifeless body. "If only I'd spent more time at the office," he mused.
Only have half an hour for lunch.
Still beats sleeping on that futon
Home, home on the range....
I'm waiting for the chalk guy.
If you would take the time to look up you would see that the sky actually IS falling
See? If you lie down on the job they'll walk all over you
I'm a public employee.
Thank God for caring and careful people.
I'm the new guy, Matt.
I call it Manspreading 2.0.
I just joined the Slow Movement.
No, we who are in the "Middle of the Road" do not stop progress!
It's rent stabilized, close to work and has unobstructed views.
I'm kind of hoping the right girl will just fall into my lap
At least, I'm diagonal.
Hey, I'm napping here!
My Platform-" Don't Tread On Me "
You're all going to look quite callous when this social experiment goes viral.
Just Relaxing
Hey, buddy --you gotta step back over me in reverse, it's bad luck!
I quickly learned not to wear my Red Sox jersey.
Hey Hon, come look! That guy who thinks he's Frank Sinatra is down there again singing "Call Me Irresponsible."
Counting sheeple always helps me fall asleep.
My name's Matt.
As an economist I'd say things are looking up.
Ugh, When you try to make a statement.
It just feel's like the right thing to do.
In our community, we are on the first come first step-over basis.
Bernie Sanders says circle the wagon and keep Mr Big Bucks in check. We can make it happen.
This is the only way I can stop looking at my phone.
My Pilates instructor thought I wasn't suffering enough
Its performance art! I call this one Man on Busy Sidewalk.
the alternative is dieting!
Now that I've said 'no' to the rat race ...I'm hungry. Does anyone have a piece of a piece of cheese?
It's guy humor, folks. We just like to look.
As I was saying, it's all a matter of perspective.
89, 90, 91...
No, I'm not chalk art - I'm just tired.
His lies weren't always apparent. However, his lying in the middle of the street was harder to overlook.
help! - I've fallen of the corporate latter and can't get up
We're re-evaluating the firm's footprint from the ground up!
Tourists.
Just walk all over me!
How's the weather up there? How's the weather up there? How's the weather up there?
I'm just a small hurdle to the middle class.
So I said, "Ted, I'm not gonna take this lying down," but then I thought what the heck.
I'll get up in 15 minutes.
I said, 'PAY NO ATTENTION TO ME.'
This is the last time I'll use Airbnb.
Sometimes you just gotta stop and see life from a different point of view.
Some point of views are just dirty
My symptoms indicate I have just experienced a sudden attack of ease.
I prefer women in skirts.
Ooh, there's one that looks like a big fluffy bunny!
5 more minutes
I am just the unwanted step-child on this block
Don't mind me, I'm in the zone
When I'm stressed out I make like the beach.
I'm a libertarian.
Coming soon: The Manhattanian. Sol .2 "Eh. So they took off and left me here. What am I, chopped liver."
When choosing my motto, 'DON'T tread on me' just seemed too exclusionary.
101, 102...
My therapist said something about someone else's shoes.
Fido, leave him be, he’s enjoying a peaceful break from parenthood.
I've always depended on the apathy of strangers.
'Get in on the ground floor,' they said.
I came up with this thing: Occupation Wall Street Sidewalk.
How often do you find a chalk outline that's a perfect fit?
My last trip down under was a lot more enjoyable
This exercise was pointless - it's way better to look down on everyone.
Performance artist Larry Gomez in his latest masterpiece: "The Artist Is Pavement."
It's hard living in the City, but I want to be able to go to the Opera.
I've shifted my paradigm.
I just got fired! Go ahead and finish the job.
Just protecting my mom's crack.
No one has time for this
Aside from occasional narcolepsy, Johnson was a stand-up guy.
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick , Jack jump over the Wall Street dick.
Bob recalls a conversation with his broker about a year earlier... "Commodities, Bob - That's where you should be, commodities! Oil can't possibly go any lower than it is now! Let's get you in on the ground floor, while you still can!"
Please, I'm trying to meditate here.
? bum bum...bum bum...My Daddy Staten Island, my Momma Long Island. You mix that Guido with that Yente make a NEW YORKER MAN!!
Oh, fools rush in where angels fear to tread!
I know congress doesn't get much accomplished, but they have to be in the way?
So this is what Grandma meant by tripping the light fantastic.
From my perspective, you look pretty silly yourself.
Guess what Mom? Maybe I do like letting people walk all over me.
I'm a lobbyist.
We're all prone to error, I'm just more prone than others.
I run a grass root level campaign.
Does anyone have a spare toothbrush?
I feel like no one notices me.
Note to self: Successful time out for self likely location dependent...
In a New York state of mind.
You losers never heard of eminent domain?
Maybe this wasn't the best spot for my afternoon nap
Lately I've been feeling that life is so pedestrian.
Hey Fred, the boss' memo today says we better look at marketing strategy from a populist vantage point
I'm getting a dead birds eye view.
From down here, the markets are looking up.
It's not the city that never naps.
I just want people to get to know me!
Tenth Avenue Chill-Out -- got my back to the ground.
What happened to Stride Right?
In an effort to promote physical activity, the city has decided to incorporate realistic chalk murals on sidewalks. So far "The sleeping businessman" creates the most activity.
People are to obsess with their phones.
My shrink says I've gotta stop letting people walk all over me!
Relaxation is a state of mind.
Next time I jump, I'll use a higher floor.
My analyst thinks I stop being a doormat
Ever closer to the Zen of Crowds.
That cloud looks like a guy who just got fired.
My therapist was right, people do walk all over me.
This is called "Body painting"!
What's not to love?
To relax I like to people watch.
My lower back pain's nearly gone. Now if I could just get someone to step on my stomach.
All they do is stomp and stare
I'm occupying Main Street.
Tell me, what do you stand for?
It's my penance during Lent.
I'm just the obvious winning caption that no one sees.
It's a masterpiece of non-performance art.
I hate rush hour traffic.
Why is everyone parallel to the ground today?
I guess my ex-wife and that therapist we're right; I do let people walk over me!
"I've fallen and I can't get up....Help!
Jim is anticipating that one step.
Don't mind me, I'm just resting.
... I've looked at clouds from both sides now ...
I'm practicing to be a professional obstructionist in the Senate.
My therapist told me that I should rebuild my life from the ground up.
They wouldn't let me sleep on the train
I am not passive- aggressive. I'm doing my back exercises.
I can't get up, I pooped myself.
This protest is not going well.
*Sigh* At least this is better than Wall Street.
? Just Walk on By ?
A draw is on the ground, the draw looks like a person so people think that they are gonna step on him. But finally no one is on the ground
And that one looks like a guy who's about to step on me
My colleagues always walk all over me.
Laid back in New York City
This is a much better place to nap than the subway!
Slow down - you move too fast. You've got to make the morning last.
My repose cannot be compromised.
Yep, should suit grandma perfectly
Starting at the bottom and working your way up, is way overrated!
I'm the down-to-earth, upward-looking candidate, so vote for me.
My point of view is different than yours. No need to step over me.
Crowdsourcing ashiatsu is great for my back but the dry cleaning bills are killing me.
It's all a matter of perspective.
Apparently, this is the best view of the ball drop.
I like to people-watch.
Just prepping for my next appearance in Divorce Court.
This story is going to make a killer TED Talk! Your body language tells me you are all ENTHRALLED! Thank you so much.
I love both hop and scotch, just not together.
New York, New York! It's a helluva town!
Now I know why only tourists look up.
Try your ten-minute meditation somewhere else, buddy!
Maybe my shrink's right, I am too comfortable letting people walk all over me.
Greg became a little too comfortable people watching...
A bit higher, you need to hit the gallstone.
The city that never lets you sleep.
I love the feel of concrete in springtime
Trump lost my vote.
You probably don't realize how hard it was to land on my back.
Man down , I repeat, man down. Oh yea, forgot I was in NYC
I got tired of just being a doormat.
That's weird. That cloud looks like my mother.
People, people who need people, Are the luckiest people in the world.
Should I pee on him?
Staycation is really over-rated.
The TNY selection committee has no sense of humor.
Oh no!
Awful lot of coffee cup clouds today.
Stepped on feels better than over.
My doctor said I need to get in 10,000 steps a day.
My shrink told me not to let people walk all over me.
Next stop, the gutter...
I'm not protesting anything except taxing me for it.
It's fairly relaxing, expect for the occasional kilt-wearer.
Was this bystander apathy experiment approved by our ethical review board?
You wouldn't believe how many ladies don't wear underwear.
Come on, people, these backs aren't going to break themselves.
This whole meditation thing isn't what it's cracked up to be.
I've making the most out of being downsized.
Sometimes you just have to stop and get to know the neighborhood.
I think of myself as more of a welcome matt.
Look Jim! I see something blue. Never mind, Its not a care in the world.
Why do people think they can walk all over me?
I'm planning to live off the grid, permanently!
Twister can be played in many locations.
After awhile, Jim realized he had signed up for 'play rug' instead of 'play rugby'.
Oh crap! Mama was right!
You know there is a difference between dormant and door mat.
Man, just look at these clouds
Watching clouds float by is supposed to be relaxing.
Sorry, just need some "me" time.
Paving the Way
Soon enough I'll be promoted to full-time sidewalk with benefits.
Sometimes you've got to just stop and smell the toes.
Hello, it's me.
I tie the room together.
Step on me and I'll break YOUR back.
I'm here for you.
Hey, watch where you are walking!
He's been going at this for twelve years already. Says it's for a movie.
The adventures of narcoleptic man!
I don't care what they say, there's something very nice about being incognito!
I'm having an epiphany about us not being connected.
The "occupy" movement loses steam.
They hired me to get the ground floor perspective.
Im high. And i dont care.
I hope I'm not inconveniencing anyone.
Guess I should have jumped from a few floors higher.
You're going to slam right into the guy in front of you.
The next one in the circle has to flap his arms and twirl.
Pays not so good, but I get to meet a lot of people.
Hello. I am a holographic art object representing a happy business man after being laid off. I was designed to help determine if you find me humorous, appropriate or objectionable.
Anyone spare a pillow?
Some days it's just easier to assume the position.
cookooducky@gmail.com
Looks like he found the right 12-step program.
Urban casualty- Invisibility syndrome
crepe...........leather............rubber...
My therapist says I need to start letting people walk all over me, and that I need to be a better listener.
What's hoppin?
The police chalk outlines are getting more and more detailed
Red light!
No, Commander Voltok, I have not yet adjusted to earthling gravity, but the fools seem to be convinced I am "chilling."
Many small steps for man, a giant leap backwards for mankind
This must be how to feels to be President.
I used to pay someone to do this.
I'm filibustering until November.
There is nothing more relaxing than watching the sun rise above the high rise.
If I can make it lying down here, I can make it lying down anywhere.
Would you stop and help someone?
Dogfish! Watch my balls! Monster, you're up next, bro!
I burned a lot of bridges.
You and the dog were the only ones to notice
I've looked at crowds from both sides now.
We are the 1%!
I gotta be me..ee!
I'd like to add you to my professional network on-- Excuse me, I'd like to add you-- I'd like to-- You there, I'd like to add you to my-- Ma'am? Ma'am? I'd like to--
The new form of a relaxation technique: Stop, drop and quick snooze.
A little to the right. Up a little. Ooooooh, right there!
Just marking my territory.
You can't ignore me now.
I'm taking a microvacation.
I'm taking a staycation.
Here's proof that people look down their nose at me.
I see a duckie and a whale and or look, a dragon
I win by not losing.
My wife told me to get out from under her feet, so I lay down out here instead.
My wife's been preparing me for this day for 23 years!
Started from the bottom now I'm here.
I got promoted from doormat.
Aaargh, the old defenestration is not what it was.
Honestly, when I proposed just sitting back and watching the walkthrough, I never thought I'd enjoy it so much!
I get grouchy if I don't sneak in a ten minute
I'm engaged.
I said, "the road to hell is paved with me!"
Mr. Swift - meet Mr. Escher
Don't mind me. I'm just having a power nap.
I don't understand it. How can you ever get sick of this?
"The Wall Street", 6' 3", handcrafted from the finest wool
OK, Now I'm ready to do my back
My therapist was right! I needed a new perspective on life.
Urban Get-Away
Not a care in the world...except stilettos.
Well what do you know, there really is a glass ceiling
Hey, short skirts only, pal!!
Hey, I'm cloud-watching, here!
Maybe I should get a new therapist. This sole searching thing isn't working.
Afternoon mindfulness session
Sometimes I get the feeling that the notion that we are all one, born of stardust in exploding stars billions of years ago, is just lost on people.
Hey Buddy, No Shavasana allowed on the sidewalks."
One of these days these boots gonna walk all over me
I don't know why people walk all over me.
Hey, watch where you're napping!
I'm not homeless, I'm just sentimental.
I guess I had more romantic notions of a ground floor opportunity.
I'm starting to rethink my stay-cation.
Oh. Do you need help with those groceries, Ma'am?
The critics call it performance art
I'll try anything to cut back on Mom's chiropractor bills.
I kind of like being stepped on its just like work.
I try to find a little me time every day
I needed a new perspective on life.
Did you ever think the world was passing you by?
I hate to be a bother, but do any of you know CPR?
At last, I can start singing the Etta James standard!
analog invader of privacy
This whole "counting sheep" thing is not working.
Wait,did I take my Narcolepsy medication this morning?
I've just given up and am waiting for the inevitable.
A United States Senator in his natural habitat.
Sorry, I'm just so sick of Starbucks.
Nicholas wanted to be absolutely certain his mother's back would break.
I reached my Fitbit goal.
Jim decides to leave the rat race behind!
Brother, can you spare a Daimler AG prospectus and $25 million in March 30th call options?
Doc said.."get a new perspective"
It's my Shavasana.
Hey I can see everyone's misanthropy from down here!
The REAL fun happens when Tony Hawk is in town.
I was doing okay until the pig got up and slowly walked away.
Have you been hurt in an accident?...Have you been hurt in an accident?....Have you been hurt in....
Meditation helps me relax.
I want to know how my clients feel.
Why? Because I made my bed and now I'm going to damn-well sleep in it...
Why, oh why, does life seem to keep passing me by?
Well Doc, you said I need to look at life from a different perspective.
In junior high this seemed so much worse.
They don't call me 'speed-bump' for nothing.
I thought he was going back to Jersey to take a deep breath?
Go ahead and tell me. I am taking the news lying down.
Sometimes it's good to get a fresh perspective.
I always seem to let people just walk all over me.
Y’ever have a day where you simply can’t be bothered to do even the teeniest goddamn thing?
Good morning sir, I'm doing an informal man -on -the street interview. How's it going?
Look Up! the end is near!
This is how we invented the original game of 'TWISTER'
It's a requirement for a degree in sales.
I usually do this in an office on a couch
Soft landing. Negative interest. Thank you Janet.
"That's one large leap for mankind." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
Slow down and be sane
Fido said. "That sidewalk artist didn't fool me"
The last four words I remember were my boss saying ,"You're fired" and someone else announcing, "Last call".
not easy being white and successful these days...
We all need to slow down, relax, and appreciate the world around us.
The wife was tired of me getting underfoot at home.
Rush hour--it's so overrated!
Would one of you mind waking me in twenty minutes?
Sometimes I feel like everyone ignores me.
? I love New York in the springtime, how about you?
My campaign just isn't gaining traction.
I'm protesting hoverboards.
"Occupy Whatever Space You Want To" - that's what I say.
I'm done with this. I've gone to my happy place.
What a great view--good to know everybody cares.
Next time, I should tweet this.
Occasionally a guy just has to drop out of the rat race.
Would you consider moving me back in front of the main entrance?
Hi, I'm just waiting for the rapture.
Congratulations! You're all ready to joint our firm as attorneys .
I don't mess with dolphins anymore.
Just trying to get to the bottom of things, Mom.
Since I quit smoking, I haven't known what to do with myself on my breaks.
The minister told me to do some serious "sole searching".
It's just like spending time with my wife, except that I get to see many more shoes.
He just finished reading 120 Days of Sodom and this is his new fetish or whatever.
Yeah it's free but there's still a price per foot.
Strangely, I get stepped on less frequently here than in the office.
I'm no different than the rest of you, just more comfortable.
Don't ever underestimate the importance of proper digestion, people!
Hmmm. I got off and the world didn't stop. Go figure.
Johnson's boss advised him to take the view from five thousand feet.
Topeka actually...say, how did you know I was from out of town?
Buddy, can you spare a hundred dollars?
Urban hurdles, it's trending.
I'm taking back this country!
Wake me up when the meeting ends.
The parapelegic's long commute.
It's a sidewalk survey
Wow, I don't think I've ever REALLY seen the sky before.
The Crowd Sourcerer
It’s okay—for a while there I thought I was a chalk drawing too!
"Can it really be true that life is passing me by"?
So this is how the other half lives.
This isn't working. Back to counting sheep.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at Bernie Sanders.
When it comes down to it, the destruction of the American middle class is actually kind of relaxing.
These chalk outlines are more detailed than I remember.
Don't mind me....just a super awesome student of the month millennial crushed by 160k in student debt on the sidewalk of broken dreams.
Hey, they were right. You're the same people I met on the way up.
Watch me whip. Watch me lay, lay!
My independent poll has Trump favored 7 to 1 among voters with dirty underwear.
I don't understand why my wife says I let people walk all over me...
Actually this is part of my community service.
Lost my phone so I'm looking in the cloud.
My 1 percent movement doesn't seem to be catching on.
It always helps to get a different perspective on life in the City.
I don't know why their so angry. Getting trampled isn't that bad.
A day in the life of a Trump supporter.
Aaaah, urban America.
Just call me congress.
Hey, it's New Hampshire.
There may be something to this homeless sympathy training.
Shavasana this!
Something tells me I'm in the way.
That's right, taking a sidewalk on the wild side ...
Feeling good that things are finally looking up.
Staycation, Fred. Staycation.
At first this new job got me down, but now things are looking up.
Don't mind me. Just trying to be irrelevant.
I'm still alive and well.
My therapist suggested that I look at things from a different perspective. In retrospect, I think he meant it figuratively.
Step on over, the view is great!
They said, go lay in traffic.
Who wants to tuck me in?
I realized I'm more of a 'give up' than a 'persevere' kind of guy.
Sometimes you just have to slow down and enjoy life.
At the beach I like to imagine myself on a crowded street somewhere.
Who'd thought the 'middle of the road' would be so busy... Hope I'm not in anyone's way.
Anybody care to join me?
After you stomp me, sir, will you agree to do a 2-question survey on what you enjoyed most and why?
"Why do people walk all over me"?
Nobody knows the trouble...
I learned the ropes on Black Friday and haven't looked back since.
Step on an Banker, break your mother's credit score.
I'm Art.
It's performance art. I'm portraying the Bill of Rights in a Trump administration.
What can I say, really? It is what it is.
Even if the media was here, they'd ignore us independents, too.
She said I'll never know what it's like to have people walk all over me.
I wish you can look at this from my perspective.
Door mat she said, can you believe it?
I never seem to find the time for some downtime anymore.
I'm on "Survivor." I leave here at 6 am and then tape myself to the Rockerfeller Center ice rink for 12 hours.
I'm thinking of moving to a more affluent corner."
But I digress to an earlier life as a wad of gum.
Doc told me to "take 5" at the top of every hour, and it's the top of the hour.
Allemande left. No see. Go!
"That's '#occupyelmstreet' when you've got a second.
Keep moving, I'll get more Facebook shares if everyone ignores me.
"So this is what airbnb meant by 'central'".
That's what I'm here for, just make sure to take a left on 7th.
I'm gonna take this lying down!
I'll stay here at the crime scene until the cop who draws the chalk outline shows up .
At least it's an easy commute.
It's harder than it looks, being a speed bump on the road of life.
Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.
Rhonda, I'm taking the full hour for lunch today.
That old lady sure had a well kept muff
The city has been really stifling my creativity, so I've been dabbling in performance art during my lunch breaks.
I'm exercising (loosely) one of my constitutional rights.
I told you, Ernestine, people just all walk over me
If you can get walked on here, you can get walked on anywhere.
Cool, I am invisible, nobody sees me. I can do whatever I do.
I come here to think
Yes, I do have Narcolepsy, why do you ask?
When life gives you hurdles, become the hurdle.
I"ve often wondered what this would be like. And now I wonder why I wondered.
Wake me up when the world is kinder
Me so hooaaaannnnnnyyyyyy
Free full body massage, right in the middle of the city!
Got a problem? Tell it to Airbnb
Excuse me...are you satisfied with your internet provider?
Hey, do I have to build a wall!
This was much more enjoyable during sundress season.
Who said I'd never make the Walk of Fame?
This Sert's eye-view has its drawbacks...
Can you believe I used to pay a massage therapist to do this same thing?
In-Training to be a Hollywood personal assistant.
That's right, don't mind me--just taking a catnap.
Wall Street visits Main Street.
My life matters!
"No, I mean literally, I'm always letting people walk all over me".
I'm just checking it out down here in case I jump.
My brother is such a doormat.
Tim was a masochist, yes, but he often retreated to his happy place.
That's it, I'm tired of people walking all over me. And I'm going to something about it. First thing tomorrow.
I'm not moving til Hillary wins!
My psychiatrist said to imagine myself on a beach.
My wife is right. I have physical attraction.
Urban yoga.
Step on a crack and break a rib
Feets don't fail me now!
walk of shame - wall street edition
I prefer laying to dancing on it.
I was told I would see stars on the floor of Hollywood Boulevard.
This city really doesn't sleep.
... as we say here in the medical marijuana business: buy low, Sell High!!!!
No, I'm with CSI. We ran out of chalk.
Now it's starting to look like a bunny.
'Looking up' is challenging when you're really down!
I stopped trying a long time ago.
Unbelievable napping chutzpah!
Walk around. I'm occupying Wall Street.
Don't mind me, I'm just trying to see Uranus.
So this is what they mean by trickle-down economics...
Middle Class "Matt"
If trump can take a house for a parking lot, why can't I take a sidewalk for a bedroom?
Hey! Walk around. I was here first.
"News Reporter" As I thought, no one gives a damn.
Does that fluffy cloud look like a bunny to you?
I was born to be an urban legend.
Did he just call me Gulliver?
I'm testing my meme: don't tread on me.
I'm channeling my inner Christie.
John's narcolepsy strikes during rush hour.
What part of "staycation" don't you get?
I missed my bed by about 10 feet.
Blue skies, nothing but blue skies do I see, and some gum.
I'm first in line for the next Apple product
This wasn't supposed to happen with my new power tie.
Am I the only one here for the flash mob?
...yes, turning 52 has been quite the experience.
Don't break your mother's back!
Yeah, I'd let my kids eat off of the street.
Careful its a new suit
Pollster analyzes word on the street.
My therapist told me this is the latest treatment for pathological lying.
How's this rat-race thing working out for y'all?
Rule #173 of "How To Take a Good Selfie": Buy a drone. Dress for the occasion. Look away from the camera. And, as always, have total disregard for everyone and everything around you. Snap photo.
My doctor tells me I need plenty of rest, and this is one of the ways I have of doing it.
Job hazards of a pavement tester.
'Break time! Oh, it's good to be union."
Does anyone have a cigarette?
I feel like I'm at a crossroads!
I was tired of people going behind my back.
I had sex last night.
Does anybody have a thick newspaper?
...So my therapist suggested I find new ways to meet people.
Are you wearing the new Yeezy boosts?
Hmmm ... I wonder if my supervisor is walking to work today.
Don't let people walk all over you.
Well, it was either this or take the summons for not scooping it up.
I am declaring this spot "Justus Township" and am no longer under the authority of the USA.
I have officially been 'walked all over', okay?
The Forensic Unit is bringing chalk.
I'd like to talk to you about increasing your personal liability insurance.
Is anyone else here for the flash mob?
I'm trying to trip the light fantastic.
Hey, that one looks like a whale! No, wait--a sheep!
Hi, I am Stu the Scapegoat. Any time their is a problem in my company, they throw me out the window. It makes my co-workers feel better. I hope I get a promotion soon. My back is killing me.
Henry liked to lie down every once in a while and make believe he was a chalk outline of his previous, unsuccessful self.
Thought I'd get here early for a view of the eclipse.
Ohhhh my goshhh! Stop trampling me its just a Wednesday!!!!
I just miss the way we used to monitor traffic on a site...
Got the hop. Still waiting for the scotch.
Man I hope I remember this one when I wake up.
Another victim of "urban martyr syndrome"
We didn't literally mean that you can meditate anywhere.
I thought a Thai massage would be a little bit less westernized.
Your local NPR station needs your support…your local NPR station needs your support…
I'm a television writer. I'm used to feeling useless and underfoot.
If I'm gonna get walked all over, it's gonna be on *my* terms. ["my" in italics]
It's the only place I can relax outside of the office.
Well I'll show them. I'm gonna take this lying down!
My cubicle is a bit cramped, and I needed to stretch my legs.
Occupy Main Street starts now.
I'm tired of being a doormat so I decided to take it on the road.
"Great. I think that dog's going to come back and use me like a fire hydrant".
And there's the cow.
This place mate feels squishy.
And the staycation continues...
I decided to spend the day letting this diverse group of people and pets walk all over me.
But reverse planking has a much better view.
Need to tell the new therapist looking up with a new perspective isn't working for me
I'm detecting microagression - not sure I feel safe.
Well Doc, I feel like people are walking all over me.
If you want to know the city, you have to study the clouds.
Don't let the bed bugs bite
Sometimes, at night, you can see the Big Dipper.
Yes, it's small, but it is close to the subway.
Before you judge, know that I was the guy who started the jogging craze.
Always remember to take time to enjoy the little things
So I guess this is the second collapse of Wall Street...
Careful there. Careful. New tie.
Beauty Bath take me away
I'm testing mother's theory that I must lie down to be walked on.
"Hey! I can see a drone".
Guess I didn't have to be embarrassed about falling down.
And then I realized it's not WHO you are in the scheme of things, but WHERE.
Do I have Bernie Sanders to thank for this?
Plane spotting.
Bob's performance art of "The Most Beautiful Suicide" failed to elicit a response from the jaded public.
Just checking the cloud for my messages
I'm anti-Tea Party, get it... Like, do tread on me!?
As Martie lay there, he wondered if his therapist wasn't right. Maybe he did let people walk all over him.
I only had eleven vacation minutes left, why?
I wish Donald would stop shooting people on Fifth Avenune
I was appointed downtown sky admirer commissioner.
I don't know why I let people walk all over me.
roammmmmmmm roammmmmmmm roammmmmmmm
They told me it was a walk-on role.
I've decided to take it lying down.
We're going to build a wall, Folks.
It's a free existence, isn't it?
Don't knock it till you've tried it...
No, I'm alright guys. No need to stop and help me. I'm good thanks.
Just call me Matt.
I outsourced my bootstraps!
Anyone catch the number of that scooter?
Stomp away, this suit isn't even mine.
I was burned out from obstructing legislation so I decided to take a vacation.
"Alas, a doormat with no door".
Point of order. I believe I have the floor.
I'm your last hurdle. Long jump's around the corner.
You have left footprints on my heart.....my ankle.....my knee.....my.....
"Don't mind me, just practicing for when I get home".
Anything's possible with the right perspective.
Oh my god! I'd rather be doing this than reading all those goddamn CAPTION entries again this week!
That cloud look like a bear to you?
Aaahhhhhhuuuuuuuummm..
And I just said 'You know what? I AM going to take this lying down.'
Chill Bill takes a chill pill
Do I look like a welcome mat!?
Keep moving, folks. Nothing to see here.
Don't let me stand in your way!
I've had it with backstabbers.
There's nothing like a power dirt nap.
I'm testing the Ted Cruz theory of "New York Values".
Ooh, that one looks like a dragon!
I always take a nap at two..Deal with it.
I spy with my little eye...
The Great American Lunch Break.
People were looking at the mirror on the ground when they should have been looking up...
I wish I hadn't worn my good suit today.
Aahhh, gravity. Why deny it?
I'm starting to think Shiatsu massage isn't for me.
I don't know why I keep letting people walk all over me.
Just chilling here on the sidewalk. While no one even caring that I am here. I guess people just don't care if I just lay here.
You from New York or something?
A fresh perspective.
Another day, another dollar.
....... extremely challenging .......
Big Dipper, virtual stripper needed a day at the beach, OK?
I always forget how pedestrian my old stomping grounds are.
I see late people
After feeling trampled for so long, I'm finally looking up.
I can see Russia from here!
Dress for the job you want, check.
Good morning, sir!
Ahhh, this is how you watch life pass you by.
Beach Week just seemed different since the venue change, Al decided.
Spare a few credit default swaps?
If you let them, they'll walk all over you!
Life used to be so ... pedestrian.
You're all missing the eclipse "You're all missing the eclipse.
Step on a crack, you'll break your mother's back.
After a weekend with the kids Bob finds solace in his happy place.
And there's a cloud that looks just like my psychiatrist.
I'd rather have people literally walking over me than figuratively at work.
Nobody care about me in the town.
Horsepersons, Pass By
Ahh, Wall Street, nothing like it!
I want to wake up in a city that doesn't sleep.
Oh, don't mind me. Just trying to get a competitive edge. See things differently. Bunch of Wesleyan grads and their hotshot social media. Does that really beat 20 years of experience these days? Microdosed a little acid earlier. Need a plan for Q3.
And then I said "I bet I CAN!'
This is much better than I expected.
Finally some peace and quiet
I'd be lying if I said this was comfortable
When a rich man walks on people, that is not news. When people walk on a rich man, that is news.
People have become so blind to whats in front of them that they keep going without realizing what is actually happening.
'Better a sidewalk flower than a . . .'
This is no day at the beach.
"You're right. It does look like a bunny rabbit.
Why pay for a massage when I can just lay here instead for FREE.
Hey! Stop ignoring me, I "mat"ter!
Man, this is absolutely the last "Man on the Street" assignment I'm letting the station send me on
I've never been so in touch with the sole of humanity!
It may be a dog eat dog world, but I will take a dog any day.
Although unpredictable, I'm afraid my resilience has been negatively affected.
I mean, the egg had to come first, right? Where else would the chicken come from? I suppose there could be a chicken floating around space somewhere but then were did THEY come from...?
UN FAIR WORLD
Why? Dry cleaning is cheaper than my chiropractor.
I will not work for less than $10 per hour, period!
Go ahead. Walk all over me. You're still not getting a bonus.
'I AM seeing stars!'
I can't believe no one believed me that I had super powers. I'm obviously invisible!
Only five hours a month — it’s part of my divorce agreement.
I'm starting to think that it might have something to do with my mother.
Oh how I long for the days of short skirts and long stilettos.
Ok, now just a little more to the right
And then they came for the One Percent. And there was no one left to speak for me.
Americans - So busy and distracted you can lay down on the street and not get touched or questioned.
I'm only recently homeless.
Hey buddy, your blocking my sun!
Can you spare some change?
This drawing expresses how everyday people are too busy nowadays to notice anything important and just overlook things that are out of the ordinary.
One sheep... two sheep...
Finally things are looking up for me.
I am winning the bet! I knew they wouldn't step on me.
Leap day was taken literally in 2016
Mom was right. They really did walk all over me.
Nobody notices me because they're all so busy with their life. I am a invisible person.
I'll show YOU man-spreading!
Alright, pigeon, are we even now?
I'm protesting the 99%.
Dr. Rhinefield was right! A new perspective DOES change your surroundings.
Today I'm operating from a larger perspective.
I just don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
Don't look so surprised...if we could learn to treat the Earth so kindly.
We're all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stairs.
It's what we in the business call vertical capitulation.
Unbelievable! Waiting to be cuffed here at my bank since 2008.
And now over to Chuck for more coverage of the situation on the ground
To understand the hurdle, become the hurdle.
I'm literally floored.
My sleep number is 46th and Seventh.
A little lower and to the left, please. That's where the itch is.
Another Repubican Debate....
Trump's in town again
I'm not moving until Kate Upton comes by in a mini-skirt.
I try to work shavasana into my daily routine.
I quit!
This is much cheaper than the massage parlor down the street
With the ever increasing cost of air travel, Brian decided to have his summer vacation exactly where he was.
I was like you once.
Watch it! This here's an Airbnb top pick.
In real estate location, location, location: In life perspective, perspective, perspective.
So, I said, 'Literally? Literally? I'll show you literally, Marge.'
It's amazing that even here, New Yorkers are careful not to step on a reposed street-person, reporting live from lower Manhattan, Channel 9 News.
Hey, watch it! I'm man-sprawling here!
"Step right into the world of hedge funds".
I thought you guys used some kind of bicycle type thing in this class.
How am I supposed to do my sit ups with all this activity.
I'm in training for getting married next week
I should not have said," I won't take this lying down."
Maybe I'm not the "elephant in the room" but perhaps "the supine man on the sidewalk?"
I have nowhere to go..
Have a nice day...have a nice day...have a nice day...
I'm what they mean when they say, 'The middle class is getting stepped on.'
Notice how all the women walk over his feet.
The layoffs affected Carl a little differently.
Hmmm, I may have to re-think this performance artist career.
John found being the bump in the road uniquely satisfying.
It's a new posture called Upward Facing Ex-employee.
After losing my seat in congress, I thought why not just keep doing what I do best?
So much for that sit down protest.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately...
My wife says I shouldn't let people walk all over me, but i'm not taking that lying down.
I just wanted to see the world from my toy poodle's perspective.
New York, New York!
I'll move when Trump deports the Pope
Ahhhh, back to my old stomping ground.
I’m an outlier.
Ralph, recently retired mid-level bureaucrat, still gets a kick out of what he does best.
Why does everyone feel that they can walk all over me, and why does my psychiatrist think I shouldn't feel that way?
are you my doppleganger?are you my doppleganger? are you..
Getting stepped over on the sidewalk sure beats getting walked on at work.
Look askance at the downtrodden
Swing your partner round and round, turn your corner upside down.
Come on, think of your mother's back!
"I'm just another middle class tragedy".
and sometimes it feels like I'm not even here on the therapist's couch but out on the street.
These cartoons just get worse and worse. How we miss your prior generation of cartoonists!
Actually I can take it lying down!
Will do sit-ups for food.
I seem to attract people wherever I rest.
I'm working on my mindfulness.
Stupid is as stupid does buddy.
The corporate ladder has failed me.
I'm holding this spot. It's where I pass out on St. Patrick's Day.
I'm Jeb Bush and I'm running for President.
Earlier I saw a Ryan's belt!
Even streetwalkers lie down on the job sometimes ...
Hawaii is a state of mind.
My shrink said to change my point of view.
A little more to the left... That's it!
I just can't figure out why everyone thinks I'm such a walkover...
Entrepreneurial experiment: The New York Hall of Fame
Suicide by New York City Winter holiday tourist.
After overcoming so many obstacles in life, Bob decided to become one.
Listen, dear, I'm trying it and it really works! I thought that if you wanted to be treated like a door mat you have to lie down first, and now I know it works.
Where have all the hours gone, long time passing Where have all the hours gone, long time ago Gone to busyness everyone, when will we ever learn, when will we ever learn
I really could have used that second cup of coffee.
Occupy Sideways
Okay, if I promise to go f myself will someone just help me up?
Ah! The meeting was postponed!
its too loud in the city
I wanted to find out what it feels like to be an obstructionist Congress.
Higher!
Excuse me. It's AROUND the mulberry bush.
Is this what lying down on the job feels like, Courtney? Back to you in the studio.
It's not every day you run across guys like this.
Nobody calls ME pedestrian!
I just got tired of being a pushover.
I told him not to walk over me in the office!
Paul you gotta stop letting people walk all over you.
Deep tissue massage for Dummies! A little more lower and to the left… ahhhhh thank you!!
Dave added himself to the Walk of Fame.
The Airbnb posting did promise a lot of natural light.
As the world goes by, Matt considers making a name change.
Wow, how surprising... a day in New York where people actually acknowledge you exist.
The view is great from down here!
It helps that I'm visualizing Aruba.
He said he was pure Persian, and to think I doubted him!
Ah! Retired at last.
Love is a price you pay for your dreams
It's a new lawsuit strategy.
You cant keep letting people walk all over you. I thought you were going places?
Where's my wife with that needle and thread?
I'm starting from the ground up!
I'm a compulsive lier.
The Pope blasts Trump, the Pope approves contraception, aaaah.
My therapist recommended empathizing with the 99 percent.
My analyst says that I walk all over people and that I need to learn how that makes them feel.
A helluva town, this City that doesn't sleep!
I used to lie in the gutter, but then I quit drinking.
Sorry, but I finally found my sleep number.
The backup on 57th and Lex is now looking up, but we still suggest you tread lightly. Back to you, Jim
They call me Navy Jack.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY TO WATCH WINDOW JUMPERS
This performance art stuff is getting out of hand.
Another step for mankind!
Just trying to increase my daily step step count.
Okay. Tread on me.
"My blood pressure medication did say 'Lie down immediately after taking' ".
Honestly, what the hell.
People in this city will walk all over you if you let them.
"I didin't think the CNN job posting literally meant 'Man on the street reporter' ".
Outside the narcolepsy institute.
And there's a cloud that looks like a bunny.
This is the best I can do for this neighborhood. It’s going to be hard to find something in your price range that has walls.
I can peer deeply into the soles of men
It seemed like a good idea in the beer commercial.
This is probably what Kayne feels like, not jumping over jumpman.
All dressed up and nowhere to go.
It's that Great Dane leaving his Big and Bold BarkBox chew toys on the sidewalk again.
It's the sunniest spot in a 10 block radius.
Low-cost hotel rooms have their limitations.
I think I'm experiencing an egotistical lust to be universally noticed.
" I'm having a good day today. as long as the guy who wears golf shoes doesn't come by".
I wish I could give you a better reason, but I'm just a jerk in a suit.
'The thing about John; he's just not street smart."
Oh, nothing much! What's going on around you?
Gullibler's travels
Say, would you please hand me that remote?
I prefer the gut, not the heart.
Heavy sits the crown.....
They really will walk all over you if you let them!
I've tripped the light fantastic and I can't get up.
Made it ma, top of the world!.
I took community service for selling crummy mortgages.
If they turn down your idea again, Jones, don't claim that I stood in your way this time.
I think I prefer a more verticle perspective.
I don't understand why people walk all over me.
My doctor says I should get out more.
I'm pulling together some concrete plans.
This is my best shot...oof... at a one bedroom Manhattan apartment.
Wingtips? With that suit? Get it together, bozo!
I don't know why, but people just seem to avoid me.
I have no idea how I got into Giacometti's 'Piazza.'
Bright as he was, Doug never quite understood how to 'play the victim'.
Call me Jeb.
'With cat-like tread' my ass.
At least I'll get some fresh air getting stepped on out here.
CEOs matter!
Help, I’m a presidential candidate, I’ve fallen to a new low, and I can't get up.
That cloud kind of looks like a recession, right?
I'm tired of this world walking all over me all the time.
No one stops to appreciate the different shapes of the smog anymore.
You might not agree but I think thing are looking up
...down on Main Street...
It's a new full body workout.
The clouds are prettier in Midtown.
Beats me. What does he look like from the waist down?
New York City CPR
Ah, the life of performance art.
excuse me, would you happen to know what time it is?
Thanks for stopping, my therapist said my feelings of being inconspicuous were unfounded.
Bo-peep must be worried sick.
I guess stepping on the crack doesn't break your momma's back.
Just give me a New York minute.
Anybody got some chalk?
I think I'm going to like it here. The skyscrapers are amazing and everyone minds his own business.
I'm here all week.
I'm telling you guys, you're gonna wish you joined my cult when you had the chance!
The punishment for spilling coffee on the new office rug.
I'm tired of letting people walk all over me
People still step over the even well dressed homeless.
Must be your New York values.
Rosebud!
I have been doing some sole searching recently.
Is that your heel, or are you just glad to see me?
Which cloud did you say looked like a jackass?
Vote Bump '16.
Don't you recognize a slacker when you see one, mister.
New Zen at Work Program
How to be invisible in NYC.
Ah—much less lonely down here.
Frankly, I don't see why this is a problem for her.
I enjoy making eye contact.
New York Fashion Week: Loafers back in style
Outta my Tao!
(music notes) "...On a Sunday morning sidewalk, I'm wishing, Lord, that I was stoned..." (music notes)
Mom named me Matt and it just kinda' stuck.
Hey, did you watch the debate last night?
I'm starting to think my wife is right. I DO let people walk all over me.
So this is what being walked on feels like.
Am I not the king of chivalry?
Lyin' in the sun and takin' it easy . . . this life sure beats running for office again.
Would you mind walking around, you're blocking my view.
My personal trainer gave me a strict limit of 10,000 steps in a day.
Corporate lying
'Turn on, tune in..." what was the third thing?
Stand me up and I'm a model citizen just like you.
I call it guerilla chillin'
He's literally taking it lying down
...These vagabond shoes, are longing to stray Right through the very heart of it, New York, New York!
Beam me up, Scotty.
I was downsized.
Do you ever feel like you let people just walk all over you.
I'm a slip and fall lawyer.
WHAT ARE THOSE?!
Yep, you need your nose hairs cut.
I'm working on my sidewalk and chill.
My dad always said I was a wuss for letting people walk all over me.
keep walking
I'm trying to be more empathetic of others' pain.
Savasana time can be anytime.
Every now and then you really need to take a moment or two, lie down, relax, and smell the people.
If that dog comes back I'll really get mad.
I never look down on people, it's just the way I am.
I'm not an obstructionist. I'm an optimist
I call it the 'side-lay'.
I see a cloud shaped like Jane Jacobs.
Extreme napping is harder than it looks.
These 3D sidewalk chalk artists are getting ridiculous.
Im calling in sick today.
I read that sitting too much is bad for your health.
I'm curbing my enthusiasm.
If you really concentrate you can relax anywhere.
Please stay in a single line and exit right.
I guess you can lie down on the job
I haven't felt like this since my wife left me.
This is James Fillmore, live from New York, with our ultimate 'Man-On-The-Street' Report.
Don't mind me- just getting a head start on Bernie's America.
This many roommates and the rent is still too high.
The doctor says it's good for my heartburn
Oh, I'm a Republican metaphor for Obama's foreign policy.
Hi, what's your niche in the ecosystem.
I don't get the whole FLAT STANLEY mania.
And that cloud looks like a little bunny!
Matt, is that you?
It’s not too bad but I’m not a fan of the Segway tours.
You may be wondering why I've asked you all here today.
Everyone has a right to their own comfort zone. Mine is East 32nd Street.
Let's be careful with the tie.
Don't blame me. It's Obama's fault.
I'm a Performance Artist doing Richard Sera vs Chris Burden.
My therapist recommended I get a new perspective.
Honey we forgot about the kids
I'm fascinated by the underworld.
How can I monetize this?
Here lies Joe - father, brother, capitalist.
Coffee hasn't kicked in yet.
My doctor said I have external obstruction.
It's easier than what happens at work. This is just a metaphor.
It does look better from this angle.
I wanna wake up in a city that never sleeps . . .
It's the George Washington Slept Here tour.
I stole my neighbor's doormat, and they sent me to that "eye-for-an-eye" judge.
Don't step on a crack...apparently, you break your own back.
You're the first to ask.
These 3-D police chalk drawings are really annoying.
My therapist says I need to start looking at the world differently.
Sorry for the inconvenience. I'm just holding this spot for Cliven Bundy.
The employee handbook says I am relieved of all responsibilities and restrictions during my break periods.
I feel like everyone just walks all over me...
No I don't need any help, I'm fine just as I am!
Look at me, accomplishing nothing and obstructing everybody! I'm running for Congress as a Republican and I'd appreciate your vote.
Ah, city life!
My therapist is right, I do let everyone walk all over me.
Walden: Fury Road
It's a stay-cation.
On the bright side, at least I'm not under a bus.
I thought the saying was "over my dead body."
My drone is recording this.
A bet's a bet. Even if Denver did get lucky. OR: Job hunting has become a race to demonstrate your abilities as world class corporate sycophant.
So, this is what rock bottom feels like.
What a perspective!
Some can't seem to get over that my platform is concrete.
Yeah, it's better than sheep!
Someone...please...call...cement...mason!
So then I thought, what's the point if you can't just lay back once in a while, and look at the sky?
The weird part is that I made it 43 years WITHOUT stepping on a crack .
A defibrillator would feel pretty sweet right now.
Hi. I'm Jeb Bush and I'd like your vote.
I think even that dog looked down on me.
Making this deal is gonna be a cakewalk.
"The latest jump for Trump ad, what you think" \ -om
This is a promotion from doormat?
See? White lives don't matter, either.
I took the afternoon off.
"Like a bridge over troubled waters, I will lay me down." is just a metaphor.
Fred was determined to always keep looking up despite the inconvenience it caused others.
And you wonder why my wife calls me a doormat!
People stop and stare...I won't care...if I can be here on the street where you live.
City Slacker
And then I thought, I really don't know clouds at all
Look at it from my perspective.
Don gets his kicks by playing sidewalk trompe l'oeil .
I'm a professional cloud watcher. Please move along.
Care to donate to the I.R.S?
Just want you to know I am getting promoted and this is your last chance to walk over me
That's right, nothin' to see here, keep it movin', people.
Rex was elated that his Wall Street investment scam didn't land him in the gutter. It had landed him at least two feet away from that gutter.
I guess the world's not ready for a lie-down comedian.
They say a staycation can be just as relaxing as a week at the shore.
97 Sheeple, 98 Sheeple, 99 Sheeple ... zzzz
I'm a performance chalk artist.
You should take time to stop and smell the concrete.
And that cloud looks like an enormous, angry face....
These 3D sidewalk artists are getting lazy.
I'm preparing for a career in politics.
I'm feeling a little under the leather.
The Constitution allows me to meditate whenever and wherever I choose. What's your problem?
I gotta tell you, Bluetooth headsets are WONDERFUL!
Hey buddy . . . I'm relaxed . . . why are you so uptight?
Angel hair and ice cream castles my ass! Those are chem trails!
What? I'm Catman in disguise; where do you expect me to sleep? In a bed?
I remember when I used to go to work.
I get ignored in my cubicle, too. I'm used to it.
So I said to myself... "Self, existentialism IS overrated."
Wipe Your Feet…
I recommend the trout.
I'm pizza rat's bodyman.
It helps me remember why I quit my last job.
St least the dog didn't think I was a fire hydrant.
It's been a rough day. I just got laid off.
Hashtag siesta.
I'm here for the disaster drill.
WHYG?
Caution -- speed bump.
O n e...t w o...
It was either this or join the supreme court.
They said I needed more experience for the job in the State Department
Ahhh...so relaxing to be a doormat...
Ah ! reminds me of old Times Square
I COULDN'T THINK OF A CAPTION EITHER...
Anybody for a game of tick tack toe?
Just another Monday on Wall Street
"Stupid humans..." - (Rover's reflections on Wall Street's latest 3-D sidewalk chalk-art.)
I knew someone would get the performance piece.
Clouds sure look different when you're an adult.
My ex-wife suggested this crowd-sourced massage idea.
I can't take another step until my Fitbit is finished charging
Ok, so you're too busy to see me in plan view!
Don't mind me. Just trying to blend in.
I'm going to have to rethink those online discount hotel rates.
When the right woman comes along, I'll know it.
Don't look down on me. You've been here, too.
Change your perspective, they said; it will change your life, they said.
I'm in an Escher state of mind.
I really DON’T know clouds at all.
Make sure you don't step on the lines
The story of my career, always being stepped over.
I love retirement.
I've been walked on my whole life!
When I said 'my way or the high way' I meant it!
My therapist said I should let people walk all over me more.
New York city at "Rush Hour"
Why, Yes, I do feel that modern chalk art sets an unrealistic standard for people like me.
Daddy says he started on the ground floor too.
I should have kept my personal umbrella policy.
I guess that's one way to become the center of attention.
It's OK. He's too big to fail.
Just trying to get a look at that glass ceiling everyone's talking about...
Economy success
you're right; it really does look like the opposite of ants from here.
I'm preparing for married life.
My shrink told me to suppress my ego!
No worries, dude. I shorted everything, so I'm chill.
Exactly like how they treat me in my office!
What fools these mortals be!
Not my best Airbnb experience.
Sometimes you just have to say , "I'm not going to play by your rules."
I'm auditioning for a reality tv show.
This job is just a stepping stone.
I'm rebranding myself to be a steppingstone to success.
I'm just trying to find that next level self-awareness.
I oppose rush hour.
Stop!" "Go back over me. I want to continue to grow.
Why don't you follow the lines?
Mostly clouds,sometimes London,sometimes France.
All the park benches were taken.
I never won some.
Thanks to flex time, I'm through with navigating rush hour traffic.
Wasn't long ago when a Wall Street banker commanded a lot more respect
I'm looking for a good gum shoe for our department.
It's just a drone away, it's just a drone away, yeah.
Ha ha. No, my name's not Matt. It's Jeb!
Ah, New York!
The 3D pavement art in Europe is so much better
I believe I have the floor.
Geez, I hope he has a chip.
It is NOT a beer gut. It's groundswell.
Just a flesh wound, Donald.
I'm going to suggest to the American Heart Association your technique for CPR.
Try to see things from my perspective.
City Guide's wrong. The sidewalks are warm and affable!
I'M MEETING MY DRONE AT THIS LOCATION.
When the website listed lowest room rates in the city "guaranteed", I should have checked further....
Surprisingly, everyone respects my space.
I'm singin' in the drain...
I’m proving Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle.
Doctor's orders to rest when I get tired.
Call me crazy, but I love that Empire State Building.
Shavasana puts me in a different place
So, can I count on your vote in the primary next week?
It must have been PM, because I can't see a thing...
Doctor, this group therapy just isn't working for me.
It beats a stab in the back.
Step on my tie, poke your mother's eye!
Let it go... Let it go...
In your haste, forget ye not to behold the soft squares of sky patterning overhead.
For when the 'trust fall' exercise fails . . .
My therapist suggested I be more sociable.
It works for me. Ask your doctor if Ambeyond is good for you.
One giant leap for mankind.
Call me an ambulance!" "OK, you're an ambulance.
Hey, you're encroaching on my eminent domain!
That one looks like a person!
And everyone claims they don't walk all over me
Can you spare a ten for a latte?
It's a walk stoppage.
So this is what it now feels like to be Jeb Bush.
Hey, watch it. This is a brand new suit.
Welcome... welcome... welcome... welcome... welcome...
Have you seen the guy with the chalk?
Hey, I'm power napping here.
Sorry, I didn't get my eight hours last night
Serenity now!
Sorry my shrink is trying to get me to stop letting people walk all over me
Sidewalk painting.
Sometimes you have to stop and smell the urine-stained sidewalks.
My wife was right. New York Democrats have no sense of humor about Trump.
Thank you. It's nice of you to bring me a pillow>
Intrigued? Go to 'Larry'sLifeIsCrap.com.'
You see, THIS is 'literally' letting people walk all over me.
who needs a rug when you have me;
"Occupy Main Street," that's what.
It's a Zeno's paradox fetish.
It was Jim's off-season workouts that set him apart from the other yes-men.
I feel I'm at a crossroads.
The homicide detectives went to buy chalk, I'm just filling in.
My name is M.C.Escher, I would like you to come to my new art gallery.
I finally feel truly at home in the world.
I hope the crowds abate before the meteor shower begins.
NIMBY's in motion.
Bernie suddenly finds lyrical inspiration on the sidewalks of New York.
Not everybody was as overawed by Michelangelo's works.
Don't mind me. I'm on paternity leave.
Wow this place really has gone downhill since DeBlasio got into office.
Don"t mind me, the park was full
My wife's right! I DO let people walk all over me.
Naps in New Your
Mine was the fate of being named Scotch.
Soon, the American people will see that I'm the only logical GOP candidate.
No- I don't think people worry about stepping on my toes
Life is good.
It's cheaper than a hotel room.
They're all pursuing happiness.
Sometimes you gotta just stop and smell the desperation
Turns out you CAN walk all over me.
Oh yeah, that cloud definitely looks like a bull.
Well, this is Tyronn Lue all over again.
This is a breeze compared to my last employer's orientation program.
Now that I am down, nobody kicks me anymore.
I am not moving until someone explains to me how Ted Cruz can be president if he was born in Canada!
I, like you, was once in a hurry.
Thanks for coming. I'll be here all week.
Urban Power Nap
Carpet Diem
I've stopped fighting it. People really can just walk all over you.
She's right. I do let people walk all over me.
Ah, 90 degrees in the shade New York style.
Well, excuse ME, Mr. High and Mighty.
The big white fluffy one looks just like an angry commuter.
Only 28 more to reach my 10,000 step quota for today.
They're either looking down on me or walking all over me.
Sunny, charming midtown sleeping nook, centrally located. Only $219 a night!
My therapist told me I was a doormat.
God, is there any way I can get recruited as a walk-on?
I guess there's more to this Desnudas thing than I realized.
I just wish I remembered to wear a cup.
Ah, a little higher.... Oh, man, that feels great!"
Hustle, bustle, toil and scrub. Hustle, bustle, toil and scrub.
I take my leisure time seriously.
I AM going to take this lying down!
Haven't you ever seen a pedestrian crossing?
I am not obstructing anything.
I never find excuses to skip my meditations
Ok, I'll talk the talk while you guys walk the walk.
The populus groundswell makes it worthwhile.
I got tired of being ignored.
Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't.
This campaign is not dead.
So, I just did-me some talkin to the sun...
lost my job, now my dignity
O, how many men must a throng walk down before you can call it a mob?
Jane said Tom wasn't bold enough. That Tom just "let people walk all over him." Tom had to prove her wrong.
I can never get into the whole pajama, rural sheep thing.
I'm doing my thesis on human empathy and compassion in 2016.
?? I'm not your stepping stone ????
My shrink says I'm too passive. What do you think?
My therapist tells me I need to be more vocal about people walking all over me.
I'm seeing a lot of gum and not a few mismatched socks.
Just sayin, don't mind me.
.......Every mark will show.
I'm training for the next presidential debate.
I really thought that my brother and mother would help my campaign.
Look! The dolphin is turning into a sombrero.
Because my therapist suggested I find ways to meet new people.
I like to lead from beneath.
I thought, 'Don't Tread on Me,' was a Metaphor'!
I love being Floor Delacour! (It's from the fourth Harry Potter.)
Doesn't that cloud look like a dragon?
Can hardly wait to see what happens next.
Keep moving, people. It's crunch time!
Ahh, time for my disempower nap.
Things are certainly looking up lately!
It's better in summer, with the shorter skirts.
I just joined The Cloud Appreciation Society.
My therapist recommended actually letting people walk all over me for a change.
Note: Piano coming down- I wont take it lying down...
My therapist said I need to get a little perspective.
Just prepping for the in-laws.
I'm not feeling at all sleepy, so could you send the REAL sheep back?
I am a member of the Silent Majority....and I vote.
Curly told me to lay low after the heist!
Ferragamo?
rites of passage
Little do these people suspect that I am an eccentric millionaire with $1000 in my pocket for the first person offering to help me.
Lord, why did you trip me in Grand Central Station?
Does this mean I'm fired, Mr. Trump?
The benches were all taken.
Do all hurdlers love the rat race?
So now we're playing ring-around-the rosie AND jack-be-nimble, jack-be-quick, jack jump over my candlestick.
Thank you for noticing.
Bet you don't know what "relaxing" means.
This is going to be one of those days when everyone just walks all over me.
Nothing better than a feet massage.
And . . . freeze!
It's the only place that I don't get stepped on.
Life is so much simpler since I switched to 2-D.
My life has become so pedestrian.
Ignore me if you will, but if you step on a crack, you KNOW what will happen!
A sloth market, you might say.
I just wanted to see what retirement was like.
Do you ever get the feeling that people are walking all over you?
Well, the FBI is already walking all over my privacy rights so I figured what's the point?
The opposite of Road Rage - Road Repose...
It is certainly hard to get a nap in this city
In real life, this'd be the hurt locker. A cartoon in 2-D - no problem.
...more than one in ten Americans feel underappreciated.
It's not the same as counting sheep.
I felt invisible, so I resigned on the spot.
Been down so long, it looks like up to me.
Can you keep it down please...the noise, not your foot.
I have man-spread my privilege under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my entitlement.
Give my concession speech to my mom and tell her I'm finally getting noticed.
There must be better ways to wake up in a city that doesn't sleep.
He's gotta be lying.
Keep moving and get out of the way.
Oh I see. You think you all are above me?!
I was with the Bush Campaign, but I find this so much more fulfilling.
It's an experiment. My wife says people walk all over me.
?"I'm a little lamb who's lost in the wood, I know I could always be good... To one who'll walk over meeeeeeee..."?
They said I should come on this walk to see the stars!
I love to look at the sky and watch the world whirl by.
And that cloud looks like an angry pedestrian!
It's Seventh Avenue. Heidi Klum has to walk by eventually.....
Times have changed, in the 70's someone would have robbed me.
Oh no! Are we swimming in Crimean waters and is that "Vald" the Russian bear?
It's the same story at the office.
So, I've been pondering that 'Life passing you by' thing...
You wouldn't believe the view from down here!
Street Twister anyone?
I feel like sidewalk kill.
Over my living body, over my dead body. What's the difference in indifference ?
Word on the street-stilettos are so passé
Bipedal is so passe.
If you see me laying at your feet, a man in defeat, please be discreet. Walk on by.
Any day now the babies will hatch.
How about one of those little toe-tickles like yesterday?
Sometimes you just gotta go with it.
I'm from the President's Physical Fitness Council. Please try to put a little more hip into your hop, it's for the good of the country.
No thanks. I can't sleep on a pillow.
Good news- I ws able to afford a bit of sidewalk on Market Street.
Corpus cubitus urbanus dude
This town is magical.
I'll show her avoidance behavior.
It cuts my commute but it's hard to sleep in.
Be sure to check out my chemtrail conspiracy podcast.
The Airbnb listing said "open space and down to earth".
Don't think of me as an obstacle, but as a stepping stone to enlightenment.
I'm sorry, Mr. Zingo is currently out of it, but if you'll leave your name and number, he might call you when he surfaces.
Lordy! Such stout nose hairs.
This is one of those times I try others' soles.
Don't even pretend you're not jealous of my core!
My wife left me for a banker. And I'm a banker.
Vote for me and I'll stop doing this.
With much ease, I am caught in a "gridlock of mindfulness"!
Siesta time in Scranton
My friends call me Trip.
That's the spot. I'm donating a kidney to my brother. The one I caught cheating with my wife.
And then he said, "You can't let people walk over you like that."
I'm prone to public filibusters and as your next President you'll have even more chances to walk all over me.
Now this is synergy.
Don't mind me, just taking a business casual nap.
Golden parachute, indeed.
I'm waiting for Godot.
My shrink was right, counting sheep is easier.
Now this is the way to get your steps in!
I used to sell paper, need to get back on my feet.
Yup--still less painful than listening to a Donald Trump speech.
Just like I said, People will walk all over you if you let them.
Pedestrian crossing! Pedestrian crossing!
I got tired of everyone walking all over me – now I’ve got them all walking over me.
I think its called human tetris...
Professional doormat. Any you?
Being mayor has certain privileges.
My astrologer thinks I need to be more grounded
I'm having a work life imbalance moment.
Bob's obsession for nostrils took a turn for the worse.
I wonder, what would life be like without metaphors?
These Airbnb rentals are getting out of hand!
Boss said, "Be disruptive." How's this for disruptive?
Global swarming.
Come on guys, join me. This is called a flash nap!
I'm letting the chips fall where they may
I'm in a good place.
Yes, even on a hot Manhattan sidewalk, your suit will not wrinkle.
291, 292, 293, ouch, darn, ok, 1, 2, 3
If you were class conscious, you would lay down too.
I'm proud to be a thoughtful, moderate voter.
My "year of yes" is starting a little slow.
When did sidewalk art become so lifelike?
I am relaxed, and lying on a beach in Maui. I am relaxed, and lying on a beach in Maui...
I'm okay, thanks. We're training for the Urban Daily Life Olympics.
"No I don't need any help, just taking a break".
Which one is 'the' cloud I'm supposed to use?
I'm not getting much out of all this sole-searching.
Maybe if I can visualize being a penny I will figure out how to make more of them...
I haven't slept in 30 streets.
The view of the glass ceiling is spectacular from down here!
It comes with the territory when your name is Matt!
My only objection is to the dog...
Okay, so maybe I do have some masochistic tendencies.
This is much more fun than Musical Chairs.
What a delightful respite from City Hall.
...then I realized I wasn't that crazy about marching anyway, so--different schmifferent--I fired the drummer.
If you give me your vote, I promise to get out of the way.
The body of the body-politic.
I'm thinking concretely.
Hello, I'm campaigning for the victim party.
The next rest area is nine blocks south.
Congratulations. You're the first hurdler in our poll of New York values.
Anybody else getting a message from the ceiling fan? No you wouldn't be, would you?
I am tired of being an outlier.
Netflix and chill? Anyone?
I'm just saying, give peace a chance.
I've looked at clouds from both sides now, from up and down, and still somehow . . .
To be more concrete about it, I feel very grounded today.
I'm just a Republican senator doing my job.
No,just resting.
I like to be comfortable in my surroundings.
Jack be nimble.
Don’t mind me. No body is.
According to Google maps, this is Easy Street.
The boss asked me to do some blue-sky thinking.
This man on the street gig is not as easy as you would think!
No one's tripped over me yet.
It's getting harder and harder to find a place to meditate around here.
Chill, friend. Time's too short not to waste it.
I'm not moving until my Uber arrives.
That's okay, I'm used to people walking all over me.
This is the office version of musical chairs.
I'm just trying to get a fresh perspective.
I have fallen and I can't get up!
Are you sustainable?
Gerald never lets afternoon sidewalk traffic prevent him from appreciating a towering Cumulonimbus.
Sorry, it's a bug in the OS update that schedules a restorative nap at 14:15 M-F.
Yeah, yeah, I stepped on a crack
My shrink says I have low self-esteem, but sometimes a nap is just a nap.
I coulda' been a contender!
The Street discounts us outliers.
I'm protesting in support of the flat tax.
Thank goodness rush hour comes only twice a day!
Bless you and thank you for helping in my Lenten penance!
My therapist said I should stop being a doormat, so I've switched to sidewalks.
I find this more accurate than head counts
I'm protesting the Supreme Court nomination....whoever it is.
Eventually, one of these passerbys will be the HONY guy. He'll trip, and then have to put me in his book.
My doctor was right. Some time outside of the office is relaxing.
I was merely tripping the light fantastic and, well, I tripped and the view was cool and I....hey...would it be to much for you to walk around?
Haste makes waste.
Am I getting paranoid or are people beginning to walk all over me?
A hot day means my suit gets pressed and ironed for free.
No worries. I'm just the curious man having an incident in the daytime.
Yes, sir, I can see your drone delivery now....
Careful-I'm vested.
"Till Eulenspiegel" is s-o-o-o-o relaxing!
Everyone should take time to smell the roses.
Does anyone have a pillow?
Don't let me lie in the way of progress.
They told me to gather concrete evidence.
Sorry for the inconvenience, I probably should have jumped from a higher window.
Hey, I'm fine with the robbery, just don't take my pants, ok?
Step on a crack, break my back.
Note to self: stop acting like a doormat.
Excuse me! I'm lying here.
What can I say? I'm an obstructionist.
?? "He was a daay-a-aaa tripper!" ??
Take a bow, James, I think we can say you've hit bottom.
Getting in touch with the real people
Until we downsized, we used to play this game with chairs.
Nostral hair removal device salesman finds business looking up.
Sometimes I like to lay down and reminisce about my days in the customer service industry.
Ok, so maybe I AM your stepping stone.
Isn't New York the greatest?
My osteopath says it's good for the back!
Easy pal. I was just told to get some concrete ideas.
"Reminds me of the good times working on Wall Street".
He won't walk the walk.
Sir, your nostrils are breathtaking.
In the city that never sleeps, stargazing is tricky
I'll be darned. It is glass.
That cloud looks like a flower
It's called sole searching!
This isn't even my rock bottom.
I'm not blocking the sidewalk; I am the sidewalk.
Power of daydreaming
I have been stepped on since I was slapped at birth.
People just walk all over me.
This is the life! I'm never going back to work at that beach again.
DESCENT: The people you met on your way up.
I see skies of blue, And clouds of white. The bright blessed day, The dark sacred night. And I think to myself, What a wonderful world.
Let's see where this leads - I started Occupy Wall Street like this.
Chin, chin, chin, nose, crotch, chin....
It's called, "Being laid back."
Our research team is studying this "new normal" thing.
So? You've never seen a guy do crunches before?
Last time I demand an office with a view.
At least it's rent controlled.
Whoever called me a door mat was correct.
If this is hopscotch, I'd like to know the rules before it's too late.
Can your fancy computers do this? Nope.
My wife always says that I let people walk all over me.
Some days you feel like walking. Some days you don't.
I support slant rhyme. Deal with it!
NYC street therapy session
My new dominatrix gives homework.
I represent the homeless.
I've migrated to a cloud-based platform.
Well, from my perspective, you're not exactly stopping to smell the flowers.
You know point A to point B is over-rated, don't you?
Is this what tripping the light fantastic is all about?
It's nice to be walked all over by strangers, for a change.
i'm not in your way, am i?
Skyscraper gazing
Don't women wear dresses anymore?
My therapist said I should find a way to meet new people.
"Step on my Crack and you win a special prize".
You people really need to see this. I guarantee it will change your whole perspective.
Yep, I got in on the ground level.
I'm sleepin' here!
Sorry, I had a burrito for lunch
Go ahead walk all over me why not the government does
Isn't this Manhattan Beach?
Does anybody care anymore?
OK, I am ready for my man-on-the-street interview.
This is the secret to attracting foot traffic.
Keep walking. Nothing to see here
Will move for food.
"Manhole" [with 'Man" in italics]
The Velcro is keeping me on this wall fine, but how are you guys doing it?
Dickie, hasn't this hazing gone a little too far?
It's rent-controlled, plus it gets great light.
Just realized, I AM a stand-up guy after all.
The rat race is over. I won.
Trump aerobics
Seven eight, don't be late...
My therapist wants me to work on being more grounded.
Step on my body, fifty cents. Step on my face, seventy-five cents.
I'm try to channel the New York tourist experience.
I know you were waiting for me!
You gotta know when to fold 'em.
I am suspending my campaign
As John Adams said, "They don't have any good manners here. Everybody talks very fast and very loud without paying the least attention to one another." while on his way to the first Continental Congress, August 1774
I have a totally new perspective on life.
I've decided to fulfill my life long dream of just not caring.
Been down so long it looks like up.
So this is how the little people see the world!
I'm a speed chump.
Life really is a beach.
They call me "old fashioned," but I know a thing or two about Street Level Marketing.
I blame my parents for naming me Matt.
Hey, would one of you mind hitting the snooze button for me? Hello?
Our company attempted to implement human speed bumps to slow down trips to the water cooler.
Looks like a textbook candidate for cognitive therapy.
It's all in the power pose.
This is not what I expected when the Google Earth Project designated me as its prime focus.
Just try that when I purchase the air rights too.
The penthouse view is overrated.
Wake me when the election's over. No, wait.
Just another day with my ass on the line.
I'm glad I took this day off.
How can people say New Yorkers are rude ? Look how carefully people walk over me.
Maybe I should have remained a doormat.
You should see how my big money donors walk over me.
And when he grew up, Flat Stanley took an entry-level position on Wall Street.
"Laugh now, but tomorrow everyone's gonna be stuck on Barry "Bubblegum" Bryce.
No, I didn't lose a bet. I'm running for president.
There really is a sky up there!
I just won a big contract and decided to celebrate like a tennis star.
Forgot I was retired when I first got up, but you guys go have a great day for me.
It's the latest rage in New Delhi!
So this is what the other 99% feels like.
It was then that I realized that people walking all over you really is not any fun.
Staycations are overrated.
I guess there wasn't enough room in the budget for a Persian.
I’ll never let them walk all over me – at least not figuratively.
carpet man, carpet man, does whatever a carpet can.
It's not much, but at least it's rent-controlled.
Recession? What recession? Siesta in the city, anyone?
Don't mind me, they walk all over me at work too.
According to my GPS, this is my bedroom.
I like letting people walk all over me.
actually the word 'walkies!'was originally intended for the dog....
And here I thought the landing would be hell.
You're right, it is Matt.
The shrink told me to embrace my darkest pleasures instead of shunning them. Feet fetish and masochism.
This was a totally different experience on LSD in the 60’s.
You would not believe what I pay for this place.
Said "hey, baby, take a walk on the wild side."
No problem, I’m just contemplating Desiderata and the noisy confusion of life.
Relax buddy, I'm wearing a cup.
I've fallen from the 30th floor and now I can't get up.
Did I mention it's rent controlled?
Our newest studio, now open! #urbanmeditation
I'm part of the walking over Wall Street pilot program.
I'm protesting sidewalk expansions.
London Bridge has fallen down, can't get up, 9-1-1! London Bridge has collapsed on the ground, my bad back!
What's more repulsive? Dog poop, gum, or a car salesman?
So... do you think Speed Bump Man would be an exciting superhero?
I guess it gives new meaning to the term "meeting people from all walks of life"
Hey, I'm not the 'WILD SIDE'!!
Well, Dr. Ralston, this is just a shot in the dark, but did you, by any chance, mention anything to my husband about needing to face his fears of everyone walking all over him?
It's so peaceful to lie here and look up at the Empire State Building.
This is definitely a step up from my last job!
I am the 1%. Bring me my coffee!
An aloof view of clouds colliding.
Central location, spacious bedroom, 3,000 per month
Sir, the flash mob was last Thursday.
I look forward to tomorrow when I'll swallow fire.
Hurry Sid! I'm on step nine of the 'Overachievers Support Program'. You're the last one!
It was to be a polar bear but PETA intervened.
Step two will be biting their ankles.
Horizontal is the new vertical.
She's right! She's right! Everybody does just walk all over me!
Boss said I should sleep on it.
I'm beginning to regret picking the sunny side of the street.
It's a warm-up for getting kicked in the ass later.
Step lively everyone. Masochism II class in five minutes.
Sometimes I feel totally invisible
I'm just taking the low road, you know, as an obstructionist.
Your aura tickles.
... red light... green light... red light...
How's the weather up there?
I'm a pollster looking for angry voters.
I'm changing my perspective.
"I am not a pervert. This is a social experiment.
"Trample the Trump! Or just skip, hop and Jump!": 2016 presidential candidates expressed their concern to one another in Times Square.
ooo please someone, Heimlich me.
My train's late again.
Ah! And that one is shaped just like a mid-level executive!
Sometimes you just have to stop and smell the dog poop.
Open source ashiatsu has done wonders for my back.
Ugh! Another ripped seam! Holey soles, frayed hems, open flies - the underside of the city is not a pretty sight.
I am literally the word on the street.
I made eye contact and I said to him: "Look, I'm not standing in your way."
Why do I let people walk all over me?
A few more minutes and I'll have my 5,000 steps for the day.
That cloud looks like a big jerk stepping over me.
So far, I can't say much for "try to gain a new perspective."
Yes, obstructionist! Get over it!
Excuse me, can you please tell me how to get to the Statue of Liberty or should I just go screw myself?
Don't tread on me, I'm from New Hampshire.
Have a good one!
I should have asked more questions about your 12 step program.
It all started when I gave somebody a ride to the airport.
Livin' life to the fullest!
I am NOT walking here.
Hey power walkers, look closely. Can you say sidewalk chalk?
Suits that stay clean all day. Lie on the sidewalk, roll in mud, whatever. Here's a business card.
Rodney Dangerfield's grave.
Just consider me as one of life's little speed bumps.
Did that dog just pee on my shoe?
I'm developing a sociological curriculum from the ground up!
Don't block the box.
Hi, I'm flat Stanley's father, please take me on your next adventure!
From this angle I can see Uranus!
*Yawn*...time for work.
Last puddle before the office; you're good now boss!
"Stayin' alive, stayin' alive, ah ah ah ah stayin' alive.
Story of my life, nobody cares.
Yep, that cinches it. My agoraphobia is history!
Let everyone else spring forward, I'm sleeping in.
It's our annual 360-degree evaluation day!
I'm deciding whether or not I can't take it anymore.
Oh, look, the Twin Towers are missing!
It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood so won't you be my neighbor.
Anybody spare a dime?
Don't flatter yourself
Governor Kasich keeps encouraging us to "just slow down."
This feels like MC Escher's version of tic-tac-toe
It's an entirely new angle I like to call, "giving up."
Mindfulness, schmindfulness.
Ommmmmmmm.
Forced perspective.
The catalog said this is a Lounge Jacket.
You have no idea what you are missing! Try looking at things from my point of view.
I'm just resting my eyes...
"You're the last person I expected".
Look I see a rainbow.
And that's one giant step for a kind man!
I'm looking for a new position.
This is how I met my first wife.
Sunny days ...
I'll be across the street tomorrow; alternate side rules, y'know ....
Practicing my stroke.
My therapist suggested I get a new perspective.
I am used to getting stepped on.
You see, every problem looks absolutely different, depending on your point of view.
Just confirming a theory about New Yorkers
Looks like average people who trusted Wall Street have finally knocked them down and walking all over them. Mr. Wall Street is still smiling thinking...how can this be happening?
The Hollywood Walk of Elusive Fame.
Bill immediately noticed the benefits of yoga.
My therapist should have been here by now.
It’s okay, I’m on hold.
Say, buddy, can you spare a discussion on the meaning of life?
I’m practicing for Congress.
I'm Jeb Bush and I'm too big to flail.
I want to wake up... in a cityyyy... that never sleeps...
What? I wanted a massage.
When I was a kid, this was a park.
Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to Grand Central Station. Mind the nap.
Look up there, folks. Uber now has spaceships!
Earth to Intelsat—click dammit.
I need to do some serious soul searching.
Our CD's are up to 3/4 %.
We thought a human looking doormat might boost community morale.
And the massage is free!
``People, people who need people, are the luckiest people ...''
Can I get some acknowledgement here?
Relax!!Life goes on.
I'm nobody going nowhere. Who are you?
Pro: dropped pizza. Con: boot to the groin.
Dante's 8th Circle for Fraudulent Shoe Salesmen.
Hey look, a squirrel.
I don't know why I let everyone walk all over me
Here in Vermont, pedestrians don’t tread on anyone.
Almost time for my Masochists Anonymous meeting
Well, Dave, from up here on the 10th floor, it sure looks like another Gov. Christie "bridgegate" to me.
This has 'Alice in Wonderland' beat by a mile.
My therapist says I need to stop letting people walk all over me.
Like my wife keeps telling me I let people walk all over me.
Walk over me all you want. At least I'm not a push over anymore.
To finish my biography, I need to understand what Jeb's presidential run felt like.
It's my fault for forgetting the chalk.
I'm really loving the central location of this Airbnb.
Once it gets dark, this is the perfect place to see the stars.
It's not man-spreading; it's just the way I'm most comfortable.
New York, ow! New York, what a owch! what a wonderful t'owch!
It's the new myofascial release technique for the busy executive.
You ever wonder why some mornings you can still see the moon?
I'm not in the way, I'm ON the way.
Just preparing for today's shareholder meeting.
I love it when the light changes.
I'm just meant to live in the city.... Sure, you get kicked around.... To be honest I hardly notice the traffic....
It helps me think more concretely.
Walk right on over me don't cha
So now you know who uploads all those You Tube "up skirt" videos.
So this is what you mean by "Think Tank."
I'm no Donald Trump.
I just can't understand how I missed that promotion...
Bansky and his lawyer had a disagreement...
So here I am doing downside analysis on Wall Street.
Counting sheep just isn't enough these days
The fluffy one looks like a puppy.
Kindly keep your foot off my light heart.
Occupy Main Street
Hey guys, check it out-doesn't that cloud look exactly like Arnold Böcklin's "Isle of the Dead"?!?!
Hi! I'm Jeb Bush, and I feel your pain!
You just don't get this view of the streetlights out in the country.
If you can meditate here, you can meditate anywhere.
I suddenly realized that in a previous life, the world DID revolve around me.
So, THIS is the view from the bottom.
a community service brought to you by the law offices of Dewey, Cheatham & Howe.
Boxers or briefs?
I've decided to crowdsource my therapy.
And now political commentary from our man on the street; George?
From here they all look like ants. Genetically modified ants.
Look ,that one looks like either a elephant or my great uncle Louie.
Curse eminent domain!
For a more cut-throat attitude the CEO thought it will be a good idea to motivate employees to step over their peers.
This is my "me" time.
XYZPDQ
It's a good way to feel the pulse of the city
Occupy Wall Side Street
I just needed a new perspective.
Now I understand what he meant.
And they said a Liberal Arts degree would be worthless!
Yep...they're real!
I'm good.
Now I know why the room rate was so cheap.
Loving these New York City values!
It's Richard's own fault. He just lets people walk all over him.
Hey pal, can I interest you in a reverse mortgage?
Just proving Ted Cruz's point!
All I get is a signed cartoon print for this?
Cathartically it’s my new purgative, bottoms-up approach.
That's right, just walk all over me. You wouldn't be the first.
I do my best thinking when I’m alone.
In my imagination, there were more rose petals.
But I'm not just an empty suit!"
As part of the Donald Trump ground game, I'm here to remind you about the wall.
Slow down, please. I need to count all of you, if I'm to get this traffic study completed.
I have decided to take it easy from now on.
Yeah, I got Yeah--got a great deal on Airbnb.
I'm celebrating New York values.
"City streets don't have much pity; when you're down that's where you'll stay." You know--the Eagles song!
HR said I need to start on the ground floor.
Call me an optimist, but from here, things are looking up on Wall Street.
I only look like a painting. Please tread lightly
That's right, Mr. Hitchcock, I said this is the worst remake ever of 'The 39 Steps.'
And that cloud looks like a shoeprint too!
I can see the Mir Space Station from here.
Try being walked on by another man's shoes.
my world has many charactersw
I'm working on my street smarts.
Chill out. Life is short.
Who says I just can't let people walk all over me?
I hope I am not blocking your way!
Don't mind me. I'm just trying to carpe my diem!
Oh these new speed bumps are so realistic ...
I break my back to save your mother's.
Next I'll try lobbying in the halls of Congress.
Hey mister, you have gum stuck to the bottom of your shoe!
That settles it! Next time, no AirBnB!
Don't mind me--I'm compensating for my promotion.
Our CEO wants to pre-position for too big to fail.
I'm running for Vice President.
Notice how people jump when I speak?
Hi, I'm Matt. Hi, I'm Matt....
Watch it! That's a new tie.
Pack up your troubles in your old kit-bag and smile, smile smile. Don't let your joy and laughter hear the snag, smile boys that the style. What's the use of worrying, it never was worth while so, pack up your . . .
This is actually a promotion from my earlier position.
I'm admiring Einstein's gravitational waves as they stretch and compress space.
I trying to understand the word on the street.
This would be less embarrassing if the fall had killed me.
It's 'Park' Avenue, people.
Please, don't flatter me.
From my point of view things are looking up.
I'm here because life hasn't lived up to my expectations. Is anybody listening?
I'm just resting on the sidelines of Donald Trump's New York City political values.
Finally, I feel noticed!
It's never too early to start waiting for World Series tickets.
I told them the view from the top was overrated.
What would Neil Armstrong say?
My other house is a box.
Who needs clouds when you have boogers.
'I'm thinking about getting married."
Gargoyles are so unappreciated.
See, Ted Cruz was right.
Get a life, you healthy-living promoter!
I can sleep through anything.
'You really should trim those nose hairs.'
I'm practicing for when Sanders gets elected
I don't suppose anybody would care to pollution-cloud gaze with me?
I guess you're right. No one ever thinks he's an obstructionist.
We're getting some push back now--we need more boots on the ground. Hey, I'm putting a stake in the ground here! Let's blue sky this. At the end of the day ...
If I lie here long enough, someone is bound to offer me a place to stay. Right?
Don't mind me, I'm just waiting for a streetcar named desire.
I was warned if I entered politics I would be walked all over.
I don't feel the love.
Introducing the newest exhibit in the modern art museum entitled "New York Lunch break".
Thank goodness the pooch used the streetlamp....
Mom,I hope you can hear me up there. Most people WOULD rather walk over something than pick it up.
Step-on-my-face-book.swk
So then I said, I'm nobody's doormat!
They told me I'd be getting in on the ground floor.
Starting from the bottom up just isn't as much fun as it used to be.
Here live the denizens of the concrete jungle.
I used to have a job before I realized I didn't have to go to work to get passed over, stepped on and treated like I was invisible.
I find that diagonal gives me the best chance to direct traffic.
I'm taking this lying down.
Just tell me what to do to get your vote!
My ex always said I enjoyed being walked all over.
Don't blame me -- I didn't choose to be a visionary!
The sidewalk practice challenges on a good day.
A real Dionne Warwick moment, walk on by.
I honestly thought working on Wall Street was going to be worse
The competition was sleeping on the job.
Twenty four hours from now, I'll have traveled 24,901 miles without a single step.
"And that one looks like a desk, and that one is Linda from accounting, and-- ooh! the really fluffy, lumpy one looks like my jackass former boss." I now regret telling Dale to "relax-- maybe go look at some clouds" when I fired him.
I just feel like my mind's in another place, Doc.
Now I know how Jeb feels.
We take our obstructionism very seriously.
If the coordinates are correct, this is where I carved my name in the old oak tree.
I had a nightmare of silly bustling all around me when I awoke from my nightmare it was a reality!
I ran out of vacation days.
I think of myself as a human speed bump.
Tough way to earn street cred.
I'm done walking a mile in my shoes.
A flash mob people pleaser expression.
My editor wants a 'man on the street' piece.
They definitely need a traffic cop at this corner.
I'll tell you, Sergeant, I really miss the days before the budget cuts eliminated chalk and crime scene tape.
Still won't risk going over my head, eh Benson.
The Pope gave me permission to occupy Trump Tower, so here I am.
I'm not moving until she comes down and says "yes"!
They said I would fall flat on my face. Man, were they wrong.
There must be something about crowdfunding that I’m missing?
L.A. proved too much for The Man.
Care to voice an opinion to "your man on the street?"
This was so much nicer, when I had a back yard !
I’m the gum you don’t want to squish.
Well, I [emphasis added] read that a good boss needs to remain grounded
Hi, I'm the new face of the see something, say something program
Any sign of the cheerleaders?
My therapist suggested this might improve my empathy
I expect the G.O.P. any time now.
Climbing the corporate ladder
OMG--I really am Mr. Cellophane!
"Like a bridge over troubled water, I will lay me down".
I'm trying to get in touch with my inner rug.
Ok, what would you do if I was on fire?
“Well, I may be a son of a bitch, but I’m LYING down, not laying.” [I would underline, bold face or italicize instead of all caps, but can't do any of them in this format.]
I'm doing research for 'views from a doormat'.
I walked a mile in your shoes and this is how it ends.
Find the reflex button win a metro card
Yes,doctor I do feel freer and more in control.
I'm still have faith in trickle-down economics.
A career in middle-management had prepared Rob for this moment.
I can't decide what I like more, the weekend or Casual Friday.
Excuse me, sir. May I have a moment with you for our "man on the street" interview?
Sundays on the sidewalk with George.
I'm a partner at a personal injury law firm.
My life coach says to stay grounded and keep dreaming!
I'm my own boss.
Ooh ... And there's an angry bunny!
Just soaking up the gravitational waves.
Anyone who steps on me is out!
I always know when I'm in Manhattan.
83, 84, 85 people not asking if I'm OK, 86 . . .
I am a Republican congressman practicing urban obstructionism.
Excuse me, are you Matt?
Thanks for asking!
Yes, I've decided to take this lying down.
Next time I get a suit I won't buy the floor model
Next time I'll take what's behind the curtain!
I may be in the gutter, but I’m looking at the smog.
I finally made it--I'm on Wall Street.
Lately the term block party has been misunderstood.
I really CAN still be the Republican nominee!
I'm no longer running.
Wake me when the primaries are over.
I feel like life is passing me by.
I used to count sheep.
If you think I'm getting walked all over here, you haven't met my boss.
Passing out in a ditch is so cliche.
You're the only one in a hurry here--relax
Jeb Bush! Third time's the charm!
Step on a crack and break your mother's back.
My therapist says I need to be more trusting.
Hey, everyone needs a vacation!
I'm down but not out.
This is a crazy way to get the job done.
Sometimes I wish my career wasn't so pedestrian.
Thank you Guiliani
The white noise helps me sleep.
I've a feeling I'm not in Kansas anymore.
Less hassle than going to the beach!
"This Matt is always crooked".
It's just a blue-skying attack; I'll get over it.
My Doc says not to worry unless it feels like someone is stepping on my chest
It's a social experiment!
Decaf just doesn't do it for me.
Still kicking the can I see...
10,000 steps reached today and not an inch more.
What, me worry? I read the New Yorker
I just love the attention
I just always wanted to have an impact on my community.
Sometimes you've just got to slow down.
Cinderella dressed in yella...
Brother, can you help someone who's hit bottom?
Watch your step, mind the gap
You're fired!
My therapist says I let people walk all over me.
I’d have to say . . . things are looking up!
It's what they call a staycation.
It's only a walk-on role.
Man... place sure has changed since I was a kid.
Unfortunately,livinglegends have no pedestals.
I am mindful. I am in the moment. Just this breath going in, just this breath going out.
Kicking off your project on a crowdfunding site is far from guaranteed.
My conclusion is that vertical is overrated.
When I wake up, will my stomach still hurt?
This is better than having the world on a string
This is the sidewalk of terror!
You should see it from my perspective.
Hey. It's more fun than watching the Super Bowl.
This mindful meditation thing just isn't really working for me.
This is the latest concept in the hospitality industry.
I used to avoid the cracks, but I may have stayed in therapy too long.
It's no street-corner office, but the view ain't bad.
Pavement laying is my easiest job so far
Looks like Hal's walk-sleeping again.
This way I get to see whats up all day long!
Republicans...
That lunch was absolutely supine!
Yeah, but it's rent controlled.
I'm butt dialing.
What luxury! Just laying down and watching the clouds roll by.
My name is Gulliver - got strings?
So I said, "Yes, I am going to take it lying down." Now I'm kind of stuck here.
My ex-wife scolded me for allowing everyone to walk all over me. But, hey, I can't help it if I'm a people person
Google Earth, here I come.
Welcome to my staycation.
Hey buddy, can you loan me some prime?
I have a new perspective on chins, but that's about it.
New Yorkers are not impressed by singing sidewalk chalk art.
Ah! Peace and quiet.
If I can't walk the red carpet can you blow the trumpet?
I miss the economy when we only had to step over the homeless.
And this sidewalk yoga pose is called savasana.
Nobody gives two f*cks for GOP candidates, anymore.
I am trying to find myself.
I've really changed my perspective .
My whole life, everyone has walked all over me.
I'd know those legs anywhere
I gave up not letting people walk all over me again for Lent.
Gotta love savasana!
Extreme final savasana.
Folks, this new digital pacemaker takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'!
The guy at the mattress store said this one’s the firmest.
If you elect me, you have my word that I will never look down on you.
This is how we caucus.
It's a new bored game.
If you’re coming back this way, mind grabbing me a hot dog?
It's opiod-induced reclination.
I'm getting down with my bad self !
No worries, just preparing for marriage.
You wont step on me, which proves our basic humanity
Wouldn’t recognize performance art if you tripped over it, would you?
Pedestrian down! Pedestrian down!
Empowered by mindfulness and three margaritas, Clifford promptly found his own beach
The life of a doormat is so very pedestrian.
Rush hour is the most exciting part of my day.
Keep coming. I'm planning to run for Speaker of the House, and this is the perfect training.
Just reached my number.
Twister's gone real time!
People walk all over me, but I just keep looking up!
I don't need mouth-to-mouth--just your vote!
Just trying to figure out how Donald Trump felt after his fourth bankruptcy
Sometimes you just got to stop and smell the public.
What would Trump do?
The Apprentice, Episode One: Let the humiliation begin!
8"If I can make here, I can make it anywhere...."
Ah, must be Saturday - sidewalk sale day!
Quick! Step back over me so I don't stop growing!
It's a new, radical form of psychotherapy.
"The Who" in Cincinnati. Remember?
If only I had my Oculus Rift googles, this would all seem totally real.
Hop (underlined) right in for our new promotion on seam repairs.
Compared to my office,this is quiet time!
How 'bout you get outta my way?!
I don"t mind letting people walk all over me, but it upsets my psychiatrist.
"Stepease" is a new product that requires no permission, available for any walker, tracker, or commuter.
Careful, it's not permanent press.
I'm just waiting for my shih tzu massage.
I always take a nap at exactly 3 p. m.
Life's a beach, huh.
"Welcome to The Corp." they said, "All you have to do is let them walk all over you! Don't forget to smile." And so here I am, just another day on the grind; a great job with affordable benefits!
More whilte privilege!
Welcome.
The glass ceiling is beautiful from down here
Stan tested the inviolability of personal space again, this time while ordering Tex-Mex.
Living in the moment
My life is such a mess... by lying down in a crowded room, people can see how stressed out I am these days.
Yes, it's a 12 step program and stay off the cracks.
I'm not a pedestrian hazard! New Yorkers should take it easy once in a while.
Relax folks! Nobody gets off this sidewalk until the New Yorker says so.
I feel your pain, Jeb.
And now it's time for my daily foot fetish break...
Don't tread on me, tea bag.
It's a small world afterall
Everyone just walks all over me!
I’m a corporate yogi. Perfected my savasana for any time, any place and anywhere.
So, when does the meditation part of this class start ?
I've got to stop pressing that damn snooze button.
Hey friend, can you spare a cell phone?
Method Acting for the Law and Order Victim
I'd move but I'm stuck on some gum.
...and that pedestrian also looks like an angry duck...
You don't know what you're missing.
I really expected an out of body experience to be much better than this.
I got tired of waiting for Godot.
I'm doing some concrete thinking.
Banker at Rest, street art circa 2008.
My boss said, 'Go out and get the company idea off the ground.'
Step on me, and I'll squeak for you.
This cartoon is for the drones.
Have a nice rat race.
I think I misunderstood how the iCloud works.
Recycle or garbage? You decide.
I'm testing the validity of the saying, 'don't tread on me'.
Directly above us is a cloud shaped like a duck and that must be acknowledged and appreciated by someone.
Management sensitivity training
Airing has really grown too fast.
You see, I find if I do this stunt weekly, the bruises remind me not to let people to walk all over me figuratively.
And then I stopped and thought, well, why SHOULDN'T I take this lying down?
My therapist said I should try just lying back and watching the crowds go by.
Hello, I'm Matt. Welcome.
Ron! Hey, I told you the window is faster.
Hey, it’s time we layabouts took back some of the sidewalks from the loiterers and smokers.
I live in a perpendicular world.
It's not that I'm anti-vertical, I'm just pro-horizontal.
You're not gonna' make it, pal.
It's time to go back to Kansas.
See, I let everybody walk over me. That's why I should be elected president.
My therapist was right, when you view the world from a new perspective it does make you feel better
Tonight, I am suspending my campaign.
Ahh, I've finally reached rock bottom.
It gives me a whole new perspective on being down.
I'm just a speed-bump on the sidewalk of life.
I'm a pop-up accountant.
One man's happy place...
That cloud looks just like me getting fired this morning.
Sometimes I just like to lie here and watch the world go by.
NYC is O.K. but I miss Denver.
So this is what life is like without cocaine.
Maybe SOMEBODY will ask me if I'm ok.
I forgive you, I forgive you, I forgive you...
This is where the sidewalk ends for me.
Google maps said this was my therapist's office.
Really? So nobody knows how to make a good mai tai?
Thinking from the bottom up. Are people are just passing me by?
I could use a quick pick-me-up.
I'll be up in a minute, don't start without me.
I come from a long line of layabouts.
I'm stopping the glorification of busy.
Community service for hedge fund managers.
This 1-800-WiFi-Doc has gotten way out of hand.
Should've gone to Miami for vacation
So this morning, fifty steps from my office, I thought, ‘Enough is enough.’
I’m not moving until this sidewalk gets cleaned.
Such a pedestrian perspective on sidewalk etiquette...
Being assigned to the undercover unit in this city may be tougher than I thought
Historical Exhibit #1984, Wall Street and the American People.
If I did,not know If I did'nt know better, I'd say nobody gives a damn!
...and there's a cloud shaped like an IBM Selectric!
Trump is right - I'm a loser.
My boss said I wouldn't amount to a speed bump.
Hey buddy, you think you walk over me like that.
Help! I've fallen and don't want to get up.
"This is New York, man." says the dog
'Thanks for not going over my head.'
20-Jan-17
I'm mansplanking.
For a sidewalk superintendent, lying down if part of the job.
Concrete evidence is what they want—concrete evidence is what they'll get.
I think they gave me decaf.
Nobody's breaking their mother's back on my watch.
You know, you're missing the guys in the parachutes
Stampede (noun) | stam'ped | "Yup my life feels run over"
Say, you wouldn't have a pillow handy...
Please obey the Side-Walk sign request
Watch out – I have bedbugs.
My wife complains that I take things lying down.
(musical eighth note) “I love a parade” (musical eighth note)
"Watch your step, Don't tread on me, Easy does it, Jack be nimble, Sky's the limit, Over the top, Take it easy, Tread lightly, etc., thanks!
Hi! I'm what they call "pedestrian friendly!"
It's supposed to be good for your back.
I couldn't afford those Rolfing sessions anymore.
Step lively now, time's-a-wastin.
'Street tells me it's my lowest offer.
Yo! Now, who is the king of passive aggression?
Damned Florsheim shoes!
Occupy Main Street, baby … flippin’ it on the 98 percent, yeah!
Don't be mad, I'm camping out for Hamilton.
OK, I get it. No more Bushes!
I'm expecting a drone delivery.
ninety-five, ninety-six...I'll never fall asleep
I'm not gonna just trust the government to watch for asteroids.
I'm starting to see things from a different point of view.
I stepped on a crack and broke my back.
Hay, you're blocking my sun!
My therapist thinks I let people walk all over me.
As Airbnbs go, I've had worse.
I figured this was more expedient.
Here's where I called dibs for the next financial crisis.
"I tried getting away from it all but now I just go with the flow.'
You know, I coulda' been a contender!
Performance art is here to stay.
Sometimes I just like to lie down and watch the stock tickers.
''Narcolepsy in the city.''
It was then that Matt realized his calling.
Where in the world are all you people going?
Good form and elevation—eight-point-five.
Careful, I've got a hernia
Alright, folks, this Velcro Wall shindig is a blast! But...who tipped over the trash basket?
I attempted the three martini lunch.
Since I quit boxing, there's an emptiness in my life.
''Looking up at people is just like looking down on people.''
Ah - I love the hustle and bustle of the city.
Time to stop and smell the roses
Can you believe that I only paid $2 million for this spot?! I love New York.
No, I'm a philosopher.
300$ a month!
A different point of view never hurts.
I'm taking a survey.
Thanks for moving the dog along.
I may have misunderstood what the 'floor monitor ' position meant!
Downtrodden
''Narcolepsy hazard.''
My therapist suggested I find someone new to look up to.
My yoga teacher was right. This DOES give me a different perspective on the world.
It's cheaper and more spacious than my Manhattan studio.
Doctor, for some reason a lot of people think of me as a doormat.
I'm on sabbatical.
It’s a good thing I’m just a chalk drawing.
Nothing like a good staycation.
The ultimate deep tissue massage, just steps from the office.
I've decided to suspend my campaign.
This whole manspreading thing is becoming a real problem.
Don't criticize lying down on the job until you've tried it.
I'm on a staycation.
Today, Kevin decided to act out his favorite metaphor.
When did they gentrify this park
Stop that man--he stole my pillow!
I'm tired of always feeling I have to yield to others.
Hey buddy, you're blocking my view.
I'm trippin'. Careful there, or you'll be trippin' too.
It's called "guerilla napping," buddy.
Being shallow has its advantages.
I tried yoga, never worked.
It's called performance art. I'm a regulatory hurdle.
It's cheaper than a massage.
I used to think of low self esteem as a problem.
Join me in my crusade for work-life balance!
'I've fallen and I can't get up' doesn't seem to work anymore.
When I proposed it at the faculty meeting, to a person the professors said the idea was too abstract.
Sometimes you just have to stop and smell the concrete.
I reverse engineered my Fitbit.
I'm hoping for a mini skirt and thong.
Can you spare a portfolio for an old fund manager?
I told them not to sell the office couch.
Brother, can you spare a Bitcoin?
My insurance doesn't cover chiropracty.
Im learning to relax, step-by-step.
I'm just your average man on the street.
At least no one says 'How are you?' here.
I'm connecting with the cloud, if you don't mind!
I am Donald Trump and from my point of view, I am in control of everything and I will win.
'Would someone call me an Unter?"
I'm down now, but things are looking up.
Don't trip the light fantastic on me!
Watch your step, I'm ticklish!
What's the point? They'll never choose my caption.
You know you can't keep a good man down.
And that cloud looks like Jeb Bush suspending his political campaign.
Even the crummy pigeons have the decency to walk around me.
..and down she goes. The kid'll make it, but Holy Cow!! , dig the air Briefcase Guy gets over my tummy!
Keeping a low profile . . . .
(singing) "It's quiet uptown, it's quiet uptown...”
And I am the only candidate who knows the pain of being downtrodden!
My performance evaluation says I need to know what it feels like to have people walk all over me.
I'm just going to lay here where I can't hurt anyone and hopefully no one can hurt me.
That cloud looks like a man lying on a sidewalk.
It’s a low-level position but they assured me it would be a stepping stone.
I've fallen and I don't care.
After the third "No Office Napping" email, Ned finally chose a different path.
It does look like up to me.
If you wake up Jeb! he'll kill you.
They seemed smaller in Gulliver's Travels.
Hey, watch where you're going!
This mindfulness is working. I can feel the sun on my face and the wind in my hair
In Asia, they walk on my back.
This form of passive-resistance, I predict, will one day soon end the torment of the cruel sit-up.
I gave up walking for lent.
I just needed a little lie down.
Of course my back gets sore but it's been weeks since anyone asked me for spare change!
In my job you meet people from all walks of life.
So, tell me. Is laying down on the job a reason to get fired?
Even Frank's attempts at self-care left him feeling walked all over.
