Boss said he was in the mood for a big lunch.
I wish the cafeteria food were lighter, and not so heavily Freud.
hotdogism Doug you wouldn't understand
R&D thinks they've finally found an answer to the Big Mac.
At least I'M sticking to my New Year's resolution.
Send an email: I bought everyone a hot dog for lunch.
Your kids are ugly.
Yeah, he was my chum...what's it to ya.
Fuhgeddaboudit. I'm not gonna take the bait.
There is still one more left in the break room
No. I've never seen those legs before.
I told you I never saw that leg before
Alibi? I was in school at the time.
No, that picture does not refresh my recollection and your good cop/bad cop routine just jumped the shark.
You got nothing on me...that's just a red herring.
Yeah, that's my pool. So what?
Nah, I never seen that one-legged man before in my life.
I said loans, not cards.
You'll never get me to talk
Why isn't he responding?
You are accused of predatory lending and are a subprime loan shark!
You know I can't tell you what he said. After all, attorney-client privilege.
I haven't seen Left Shark since the last Super Bowl. But is 'stealing the show' really a thing, anyway?
Yes, I made that loan.
You two are obviously on a fishing expedition
Enough good carp, bad carp. I want a lawyer, even though that seems redundant.
My defense will be I thought the leg was a toy.
Statistically speaking, that's more likely to be a jellyfish bite.
Remember when you asked for a bigger weiner?
I'm not sure officer, it looks like him, but it could also just be a seal.
No, my wife and I only eat vegetarians.
Nope, dunno 'em. Must be one of the little fish.
We know you ingested her, who ordered the eat?
I told you guys, all those boats look the same to me. Although that one is a little on the small side.
Very funny. Show me the legs.
That looks like him, but I swear I never took the first bite.
It wasn't me! It was the one armed man!
I'm tellin' ya, Flipper framed me!
I'm gonna need a bigger picture.
Hell, I can't read your writing. Get a bigger pen.
I haven't seen him before. I told you I wasn't there. I was home watching TV, it was 'Human Week'.
I told you, from my vantage point, you humans all look the same!
No, that's not me, that's my lawyer. He's got way more teeth.
I've never seen that chum in my life.
Yeah, that's Remoras, the dirty sharksucker!
Yup, that's him. Steven Spielberg.
Got one of her bottom half?
I swear, I've never seen that swimmer before in my life.
That tip? It's a red herring.
Do your worst... I'm not taking the bait...
’I’m telling you, I didn’t do it. I can’t even swim.
I already told you: I'm not a card shark.
Jaws up .. Did you eat this?
You won't get any info by grilling me.
Ok......is this or this not ur bite mark?!
Looks delicious, but I've never seen him.
Is it my fault she thought it was safe to get back in the water?
Recognize this surfboard?
Yeah, it's him on the left that did it.
Admit it. You wrote out these loan papers.
I already told you I could only see his legs.
Don't lie. We know you took the bait.
Okay, I did it. With lips like that you can't blame me for mistaking him for a pufferfish.
Ok I'm guilty of never quite evolving!
Why the hell am I being interrogated. I'm not black, you dumb cop
Yeah, that's the guy I said was going to sleep with the fishes.
You expect me to remember the face of every seal I ever ate?
Yeah, I'm a loan shark and I charge an arm and a leg interest!
I'm not answering anymore questions without another shark present.
I demand to speak to my shark!
Yes, that's the guy who called me a fishie and threw a man on my head.
And don't think you can fool us by not blinking!
That sketch clearly isn't me! We must all look alike to you.
I would be more helpful if you let me take this suit off.
Statistically speaking, it's more likely she was struck by lightning.
You got it all wrong. I'm a lone shark.
I've advised my client not to sign this.
That guy gave me indigestion. Can we just call it even?
Oy gevalt
Don't play good carp, bad carp with me.
'I'm a respectable lone shark and I don't care what your spell check says.'
Never heard of Mickey Finn.
Nice bulge on grampa.
That's not one of my loans.
He went to sleep with the fishes.
Dude, he's not gonna take the bait, again.
And just when I thought it was safe to go back to the beach, I run into HIM!
He swims with the fishes.
Ehhhhh...maybe. You're gonna have to tear open my stomach to find out.
We were under water. It's all a blur now.
Like I told you, man, somebody jumped the shark, but that ain't him!
C'mon, do I look like a 'lone wolf' terrorist?
Okay I was there, and I'm a shark. But you still don't have a motive.
Yeah, that's the one who jumped me.
I'll take a large #5, the vegan pizza.
I dare you to waterboard me
Well technically officer, everything I do is in cold blood.
Yeah, that's the one. If I knew how bad he was going to taste, I wouldn't have bothered.
So what? That could be anyone. I Instagram all my meals.
look..i'm like a fish outta water here. ' ' looks like every other fish in the ocean.
have you seen this rip?—an urchin went missing prior to seizing you in ebb.
You know it's more likely that a hippo did it.
Ya I shared the selfie, but he was delicious
This one makes me think of the meal I'm missing.
'Show me one more picture of a Fish Fry and I'm calling my lawyer'.
Nice drawing, now where's my client?
I swear I know nothing about any loans.
I'm not admitting anything until I get water-boarded.
I was basking, I tell ya.
Could that someone be Mack the Knife?
Yes, that's my handwriting. Why?
Ah, you're looking for Hammerhead Lecter?
I don't know anything about loans!
Just cut me loose and let me collect my bag of chum already.
Donald J. Trump. He also has angry issues.
It's hard when you have to keep moving!
It could be him. I don't really look at their heads before I bite them off.
Nemo? Never heard of him.
Well, it looks like a reasonable rate of interest to me.
Nah, he's not in my school.
He tasted like lamb, rosemary, garlic, Camembert, and petit pois.
You'll never prove it; my lawyer's a shark.
Look; I told you I never ate the guy.
This number says you're going in the drunk tank.
You know I'm the attorney, right?
Hey, it wasn't me! He jumped someone else!
He was my chum.
We'll need you to cough up the license plate.
How about that glass of water?
Don't try so hard! There's absolutely nothing fishy about my behavior.
Keep me here as long as you want. I never sleep.
How do you like my 'Louis the Fish' disguise?
I was in school that day.
I'm just a loan shark on borrowed time, don't you have sumfin better to do?
OK, I’ll confess. Just stop airboarding me.
I remember him,we were in a school together
'Yes that's them, they would not let me on Shark Tank'.
Yes,yes,yes.I ate him .
YES!! I ate her too... Just like all the rest...
That's signed by Charlie Tuna. I'm Sam the Shark.
You mean the finger food?
I won't say anything until I have seen my environmental lawyer.
'The Fonz?'..never heard of him...
Hey! A leg is a leg.
It looks like the bigger boat, yeah.
I never expected to get caught.
I ain't never seen that seal in my life.
It's hard to tell from the whole picture -- could you tear it up into smaller bits?
That's not North Carolina!
Not good. My eyes are closed.
Yeah. I ate Robert Shaw 40 years ago, but you won't pin that on me copper.
I work on Wall Street. Never go near the water.
He said 'the', not 'a' - get Donald Trump on the phone ASAP!
'I keep telling ya. They all look like food.'
Of course, I ran the stop sign. Sharks never stop moving.
That doesn't even look like me.
I'd rather be on Shark Tank.
I know whose dorsal fin that is, but I ain't telling you.
Yeah, so, maybe I've seen him. I'm not sayin' nothin' till my lawyer's here. He's a real shark.
Does this surfer look familiar?
Don't know him. He's surely a small fish
Hey, we wuz just exercising our constitutional right to piece-ful assembly.
Is this your chum?
Yeah, he sticks around.
I will say it again copper, this is a dog eat dog world..... But a shark's got to eat too !
You've got the wrong guy. I'm a pool shark, not a loan shark.
I need some water!
Can I meet my client now?!
'I would never loan money at those interest rates!'
Holy mackerel, it's one of my schoolmates.
If I talk, I'll be 'swimming with the fishes'.
Yes, I do remember him, but I only scared him to death.
I'm sure I never ate that guy.
Recognize this man? We found pieces of his swim trunks in your teeth.
You're on the no-swim list.
My lawyer says I don't have to answer any more questions. He's a shark by the way.
That's not my bite mark.
Everyone I ate was already sleeping with the fishes!
Actually, it *would* have killed me to stop for a closer look.
After you show me the specials I'd like a wine list.
There's a big differerance between a card shark and a shark who plays cards.
He sleeps with the fishes.
You're just fishin'.
I told you already, I've never seen that swimmer before
Now you're just phishing.
You must be mistaken officer, I've never seen that delectable morsel in my life.
This is the last selfie she shared from inside you. I have ten more here!
Oh sure....eat one swimmer and now I'M the bad guy!?
His name's Nemo? Nah, I never seen 'im.
You’ll get nothing out of me, carp-er.
I told ya, I don't see color so well.
Mrs. Claus told him he needed to drop a few pounds. Suddenly he's not so jolly.
You can't pin his murder on me, there was a feeding frenzy on.
yeah I know him, he was a chum of mine. Can I get some water please?
We'll see whose big dog around here!
Miranda-shmiranda
That's not what I said!
Yeah, I know the guy; he’s just a chum…er, chump.
Never heard of this 'Quint'.
looks like Charlie the tuna
I knew this would come back to bite me.
You got nuttin, cops, but if you want a shark, wait till my lawyer gets here.
I tell you when I swam away he was alive. You can check my stomach contents.
And you claim you have never seen this baby seal?
Looks like he's sleeping with the fishes. What of it?
I don't know, all you humans look the same to me.
Who Miranda? Isn't she the one I just ate?
I'm tellin' ya, copper, I was only basking.
Slip me another fin and I'll give you another name.
I've never seen that delicious but overly salty person before.
I demand to be waterboarded
I can't be sure it's him, I eat with my eyes closed.
Never tasted an arm like that in my life.
I tell ya, I wasn't at Nantucket. Why go all that way when Fire Island is just as nice?
It could be him, I guess. There a lot of fish in the see, you know?
Obama made me eat him.
You can't frighten me with this 'good cop, bad cop' routine. I am a lawyer, in case you haven't noticed.
Hmm, it could be him, but there a lot of fish in the sea, you know?
Listen i'm a Thresher shark, not a Shredder.
I didn't lend him anything, I swear!
How many times do I have to tell you? I only saw their legs.
I wanna speak with ... my brother.
It's getting hot in here, can I get a glass of water and some salt?
I'm out of here, that guy is Irish and I only dine Kosher.
That could be anyone's fin.
Yea, I had him for dinner last Tuesday.
No, it was a bigger boat
I'm a loan shark, a lot of people owe me money. It doesn't mean I ate him.
Last week? I dunno, maybe- I can't even remember who I had for breakfast this morning.
Was this the guy?
I dare you guys to start the waterboarding.
Yeah, it looks like my dorsal fin, but I'm telling you, I was in Jersey visiting family.
He sleeps with the fishes, are you serious! I think you are profiling me. I want my lawyer.
Nemo?? No, no never heard of 'em..
I keep tellin' ya - I was with Spielberg. Just ask him - he'll back me up.
Jonah? Never laid eyes on him.
Yeah...that one was my lunch today.
You all look the same to me.
It's not me, it just looks like me.
For the last time. I'm his lawyer.
Yeah, that's him. Calls himself the Lone Shark.
Yes! Empire's the one who jumped me.
Looks like Mack the Knife...what of it?
You're aware that 'sleeps with the fishes' is just an expression, aren't you?
Can't you tell that I'm not a tiger shark?
I thought it was a seal.
There's no way you can prove that's my dorsal fin - it looks like a fake!
When's the water-boarding going to start?
Katy Perry? Never heard of her, Officer
Have you even seen finding nemo?
This sketch matches you bite radius exactly
C'mon buddy I'm just tryna swim over here.
Without my glasses, you're going to need a bigger note.
But I'm not in a gang! I'm a lone shark!
I tell you I didn't do it! I think you are confusing me with a Miami dolphin.
You're gonna need a bigger photo.
I told you, I didn't make that loan!
I told you before...that ain't no promissory note, and I ain't no loan shark.
It was either Shaw or Dreyfus. Blame Spielberg.
That's not me. I don't know nothin' about no loans.
Do you recall seeing this surfboard last night?
Yeah I remember him. My cholesterol went up 6 points.
From the place down the street - it's called the 'Freudian 6-ft. Long'.
You must be kidding. They freed Willy?
It wasn't me, so stop fishing
You see anything fishy about this photograph?
Sure, I know him. We schooled together. But I had nothing to do with that business with Quint.
What makes you think he owed me money?
I keep tellin' youse -- he ain't no chum of mine!
I confess. Sharknado made me do it.
I tell ya I ain't heard uh no 'Fonzi' and he wasn't da guy who jumped me!
I'm not identifying anyone until I get some water.
I'm telling you, I don't know anyone named Quint!
I am my own lawyer and I ain't sayin' nothing.
I don't have to answer any questions until my lobster lawyer gets here!
We're marine biologists. We have ways of making you talk.
Yeah, yeah, that's Bobby Darin.
That there is The Ace of Spades.
I ain't seen Charlie since our school days.
We have enough on you to put you in the tank for life!
Sorry, Charlie. You can Star-Kist my fin!
Your victim just picked you out of a lineup!
Little mermaid- big mermaid. What's the difference?
Yeah I know that mug. He's slippery as an eel.
Sharks don't eat lawyers. You should know that, officer.
And that's why we called him 'Chum.'
I'm not talking until you waterboard me.
Looks like every other seal.
I just keep saying, 'Stop hitting yourself.' He gets it.
So dark-skinned fish are all endangered now; is that what you are telling me?
Bait me all ya want, but I ain't bite'n
Yeah, that's him. Well what would you do if some guy in a speedo invaded your home?
I told you I never went near that school!
I know when I'm being baited.
I was just showing a little fin officer.
Hey, chumming channels my inner-shark.
I guess all sharks look the same to you.
Steven Avery?
We warned him that humans taste awful.
Homicide?! Lunch!!
I wanna talk to my brother, he's a Lawyer.
I don't remember
At least last year's bonus came with condiments
Does this fat ass look like chicken tenders?
Yeah, yeah, I know, I see the Miranda Card. But I will never get a Lawyer here because they stay away because of Professional Courtesy!
You must be mistaking me for some other lawyer.
I never loaned that guy nothin
Never swam with 'em. May I rub your scalp?
You know we have notoriously bad eyesight.
Smile, you son of a .... stop quoting Jaws and answer the question!
They all look alike to me.
For the last time, I don't know any Nemo.
Seriously do I look like a rat?
Listen...what happens in a feeding frenzy stays in a feeding frenzy.
I told you. I haven't eaten a bluefin since they were declared endangered.
I've never seen that clownfish in my life.
'So you're telling me you thought she as a seal'.
I got you the Giant Dog, but you're complaining about the condiments?
Hey! They all look alike. A meal's a meal.
Never ate 'im before in my life, buddy
It's well documented. I never actually hurt that clown fish!
That's not my fin.
Your whole case sounds fishy to me.
'Fifty percent......whats wrong with 50 percent?
Humming the 'Jaws' theme won't help. All legs look the same to me.
I thought he was a seal, I swear!
I want my lawyer
I'm not talking until I get some water.
Who goes swimming in a seal skin speedo?
I know my bites.
D E F P O T E C
Yeah, that's me. But he was already bleeding when I got there.
That's a mackerel. Do we All look alike to you guys?
Is that all you've got? That could be ANYBODY's dorsal fin.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman.
I ain't talking until I eat a lawyer.
That's Carlino the Fin... Last I heard he was swimming with the fishies!
I know it looks like my bite mark, but I would never attack a lawyer - professional courtesy!
Navy SEAL, harbor seal, they're all seals to me, pal.
Yes, he's one of my chums.
I'm not answering any questions without my Ichthyologist present.
I used that guy as my safety net.
'Eat or die' is no defense.
They all look alike to me, copper!
Is this the man who jumped you?
I'll bite. Who is he?
Jumping me was Fonzie's idea!
Listen, you can't arrest me for being a 'lone' shark.
He is missing an arm now.
You say Australia, but your cell phone is pinging off a tower in Hawaii.
Was that your bite marks?
I keep telling you. I'm not a loan shark, I'm just a lone shark.
Can I have some water first?
Do you recognize this leg?
I have an alibi I was at home watching Shark Tank.
The teeth are all right, but the gums will have to go
His name's Quint, you say? I don't know no Quint!
Yes, I've seen that man. Everyone my age has seen Mr. Holland's Opus.
Teeth marks, yeah I see 'em. That doesn't prove nothin'.
Oh, we all look alike, right? We all know each other?
If I was a dolphin you wouldn't have even pulled me over.
I've never seen that leg before in my life.
I know gouging when I see it.
That's not me, that's a mammal! Do you know how offensive that is?
For the last time, I've never seen that leg before in my life.
He tasted worse than he looked!
Let's just say he's a chum of mine.
Not so good. Next caption.
Naw, I never saw dat surfer before.
It's my paleo diet, what do you expect?
Same as the last one. Delicious.
Look Mack, the knife ain't mine!
Going on the Shark Tank solo. Compared to you guy's I'm a Goldfish
Yeah, that's him. Name's Spielberg - I'm telling ya', he directed me to do it.
For the last time, did you or did not violently consume Marlin Anemone's son?
Like I said before, those aren't my teeth marks
Advising me to hire a lawyer would be redundant
I'm telling you, I have never seen that leg before in my life.
Never seen her before....I'm a man eating shark
That shark cage doesn't scare me.
The guy in the leather jacket. Yeah, what about him?
I did not eat that guy!
I know him, he's a chum
This is special profiling!
You wouldn’t be such a tough guy if we took off these fin cuffs.
'Sorry, but I'm a bit of a fetishist. Got any foot or leg pictures?
I admit it, but what would you do if someone kept giving chum to your kids?
I didn't eat him either...where's my lawyer?
I told you already, I'm not into biting off legs anymore.
Yeah, that's him—I've got to find a better circle of friends.
He's missing since your Friday lunch
Never seen that ankle in my life.
Its a boat called the Orca, now do you recognize it!
That was before I gave up red meat.
Shark bait...
Good luck finding that plankton amongst the muddle.
I swear, I didn't know the interest rate was that high.
I ain't afraid of soup, copper.
OK, so I know Mark Cuban, what of it?
Yummy.
Well.....I didn't see his face before I ate him!
Ok, I'll bite, who's that?
This is not my week.
Yah, I know the guy - that's Louie Miller. Heard he disappeared after our poker game Friday night at Mack's.
Alright, I did it! Are you happy? I killed him. And not just him – go to my house, 242 Lawndale, and look in the crawl space. You’ll find all my victims, 17 in all. I gnawed on their bones and devoured their flesh. What did you expect? I’m a shark.
Don't get chummy with me. You think I'm dumb enough to seal my own fate? Go fish!
This has not been my week.
Confess? I swim with them. I'm not one of them.
Since when is eating a crime?
Am here to fish out criminals
It wasn't me. I'm allergic to O Negative.
You're way off. He's a small fry
I thought that guy was a legitimate businessman.
My client never saw this guy!
Can you just bring it a little closer?
Yeah, I see the confession, but, I'm telling you, my client did not do it.
I have never seen him swimming with the fishes.
We dated briefly, but she wasn't my taste.
If he ain't got gills, I don't care who he is.
I seen her around, hot little piece of tuna if you ask me.
He was a Wall Street trader, so can I go now?
You say massacre. I say Codfest.
He looks familiar, but all tuna look alike to me.
C'mon, you're squirming like a fish out of water.
You got it wrong. I never ate that guy before in my life!
For the last time, I am not in a gang, and I don't know who shot Tony.
Yes. That's me befriending the cat on YouTube.
Frankie sleeps with the fishes. His wife, Jackie, she's an eel.
Did you have anything to do with the disappearance of Charlie The Tuna?
All suspects look tasty to him.
I'm sharked, sharked!
I'm no rat!
What do I look like? A lawyer?
Chum? Never met him.
Tasted like chicken
Look, man, she said she was 18.
Spill it jaws! Is this you having lunch with Presidential hopeful-Donald Trump at Cheeseless,Crustless,Sauceless and tasteless Pizzaless Restaurant?
You're breathing abnormally. Tell us what you know!
No way I was even there, I know I'm not supposed to swim within 100 yards of a school
Yeah, I know that school. What's it to you?
That's him -- that's the guy who jumped me!
You're just making me hungry.
I demand my right to 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1/2 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper and 2 large cloves garlic, pressed
This good ichthyologist, bad ichthyologist routine isn't going to work.
Ya got nothin' on me. That could be anybody's leg.
You got the wrong Shark, I don't work on Wall Street
I have never seen this phytoplankton in my life.
Yup, Macky's back in town.
You think I've gotten this far falling for the chumming routine?
Two words: chewable mugshots.
I've never seen that chum before in my life.
He deserved it. He was a bottom-feeder.
The story's the same. I didn't do Peter Benchly.
I tell you, you've got the wrong Chondrichthye!
You're gonna be swimming with the fishes.
Who sees faces? Show me arms or legs.
Yeah, okay....That's a loan agreement but that's NOT my signature!
What part of 'I want to call my lawyer' don’t you understand?
I'm not a dolphin. I can't read.
What are you gonna do, throw me in the tank?
I'm a pescatarian so, no, I did not eat that person.
No, I was not drinking and diving.
It wasn't me. I'm vegan.
That's no chum of mine.
Looks fishy to me.
Go fish.
Yeah, he owed me on a loan. An arm and a leg. But that doesn't mean I put the bite on him. Quit trying to bait me, chum.
I had my teeth replaced.
I've never seen that swimmer before but I think you're wearing my cousin as a belt.
Someone gets bit and right away you blame a shark.
I won't confirm or deny that I ate him.
For an appetizer I'll have the Tuna Sushi, and for a main course I'd like the Chilean Sea Bass.
I got two words for youse: habeus corpus!
You all look like chum to me.
It's clear to sea you've been up to something fishy.
I want to call my dolphin.
Yep. Ol' Macky's back in town.
I'm a vegan.
It started with an argument over whether it's 'card sharp' or 'card shark.'
I'm Sam the Shark. You have me mixed up with Charlie the Tuna.
I keep trying to tell you guys, I have lousy eyesight. I can only ID him by smell and taste.
He stole my pinger .
Tell us or you'll swim with the fish!
I tell you that's not me in the surveillance photo. You must think all sharks look alike.
Have you seen this arm before?
Do I look like a rat?
I want a maritime lawyer.
And just how does a creature without any fingers pull a trigger?
You exceeded your annual catch limit under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act.
Yeah...he's sleepin' with the fishes.
Do I look like a stool pigeon?
No, I will not sign a confession. First of all, I don't have hands.
He asked for it. He said he was my chum!
I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to make me a murderer.
I've never seen that surfer before, but he looks delicious.
I tell ya there was something fishy about that guy.
That's him! That's the man who jumped me!
Never seen him! . . . though sharks are known to have poor eyesight.
This is the third time you've pulled me in for loan sharking. I'm beginning to think that I'm the victim of species profiling.
What did he expect wearing that cage?
I'm feeling a bit dry, would you put me in a water holding tank and get me my attorney, he's a shark.
What can I say... he was jumping the shark.
That could be any fin.
For the hundredth time, that guy's legs were already missing when I found him!
Yeah, that's the guy... Mack the Knife.
Do I look like a rat to you?
Your fingers are in the way of several of the mug shots.
Yes, you do look great in a speedo
this says you're a loan shark.
I saw him last week. He was swimming with the fishes.
You're angling for a confession. I won't sign it!
I can't be sure, but those look like the right legs.
That could be any surfer's butt.
I'd never LEAVE that amount of blood.
Save that good carp/bad carp routine. I'm not saying anything until I talk to my lawyer.
I'm a blood thirsty predator and the ocean's harbinger of death. Wait until you meet my lawyer.
No. I will not put my fin of approval on that!
Do I look like a mole to you?
We've got bigger fish to fry, Doug
Does this look like anyone you've eaten recently?
Yeah, I recognize him. He sleeps with the fishes.
'I keep telling youse guys. The term is 'card sharp,' not 'card shark.' Capische?
I am not biting. I demand to see a shark.
Lifeless, doll eyes or not, is this the guy?
Yeah, I ate the guy. So what?
Before I ate him, I warned him that I was not a pool shark.
This has Netflix documentary written all over it.
So, it's a picture of Luca Brasi. What makes you think I knew him?
Do you have any pictures of her legs?
'Yes, I was there and yes, I may have been humming the 'Jaws' music but after that, you got nothin' on me'.
Of course I bit him. He's a Jet.
I couldn't have done it. I was at the World Series of Poker.
I've never seen that beach in my life.
I've never seen that surfboard in my life...
They all look the same to me. This one tasted like Chicken
I see the charges,'Let me see my client!!
I needed another lawyer.
Steven Spielberg.
He was sleeping with the fishes. So I ate him!
You're assuming I did that 'cause I'm a blue shark. A great white would never do that, right?
Looks looks the schmuck ran into an anchor
Look, yes, I ate the girl swimming by the buoy, but I didn't kill Alex Kintner. I would never eat a kid on a raft.
For the last time, no, I did not forget the dance moves at last year's Super Bowl.
I already know my rights. I'm a lawyer.
I know it doesn't look good but I'm NOT the loan shark you're looking for.
What do you mean my job's going overseas?
Those could be anyone's teeth.
If I had eaten him, I would have known that he tasted like sweaty socks. Which I don't.
I don't speak that language so when you tell me to read my rights I don't get it!
Look fellas, I'm just a link in the food chain.
Quint? Never heard of him.
If he's sleeping with the fishes, I ain't seen 'em.
But officer, I was only standing my water
How many times do I have to say it, 'I'm a land shark!'
I ain't talkin' 'til I see my orca.
Come on guys, give me a break, I haven't slept in....ever.
Never saw him. What's his blood type?
In scuba gear you all look the exact same.
Yeah, I ate him. What part of feeding frenzy don't you get?
Look, I already told you. I was trying to free the human trapped in the cage.
Those are not my tooth marks.
He may look scary, but he is largely misunderstood.
He looks familiar. I think he's starting to come back on me...I mean TO me.
That's not him. Can I call my hydrologist now?
If this goes down the wrong way you will lose the white sharks matters support.
Turkey on rye. And light mayo or else!
Marco Rubio sleeps with the fishes
I referred to him as 'chum' but that doesn't mean I knew him.
That's Mac the Scissors.
Na, that's not my bite. Check it against my dental chart.
Blood and gore? Nah, that's just shark click bait.
Yeah, that's me alright doing what all sharks do... rip flesh.
I ain't no porpoise. I'm not going to flip.
He asked me for a loan!
Look, I swim with the sharks, I wouldn't be hanging around with a minnow like that!
Nah, I’m a hedge-fund shark. You’re lookin’ for my cousin Rudy.
Well, yeah, he was provided to me, and now I want another one.
I'm turning this in to HR because 'Take your Dog to Work' day isn't until June 24th.
no no no im a LONE shark not a LOAN shark ...i feel like we're swimming in goddamn circles here...why are you showing me polaroids of your trip to florida?
'He baited me, I tell ya....chum and a blood trail....what's a shark to do?'
What kind of think tank is this?
Maybe I ate him—there are plenty of fish in the sea.
Have you seen this missing surfer?
Yeah, I've seen that plankton around. He's a drifter.
Hardly any point in lawyering up, I guess
That's the one! It's the biggest boat in the area.
Can you get me mugshots just showing them from the waist down?
I want to call my shark lawyer.
Okay, okay - there will be a rumble with the jets tonight!
Why is it so implausible that I was home sleeping?
Nah, the guy I ate said he was fishing for ME!
Don't know him too well... just asked me to join the frenzy last we talked.
I never saw that seal before in my life! I swear officer I'm on a strict tuna diet only!!
I don't have an alibi! I'm a loan shark.
That doesn't look fishy to me
I haven't seen that seal before in my life!
Never seen this 'Hoffa' fellow before.
I don't remember. I was in a frenzy.
It's a great white lie!
I will not squeal on who jumped the shark.
No I have not seen the leg that belongs to this boy
Nope, if I ate a Shih Tzu I'd cough up hairballs for a month!
Yes, that’s the gazpacho they tried to dip me in.
Like I told you before, I only saw her legs.
Like I said, I felt threatened.
That's one big fish tale you just told us!
There's something fishy about this.
I keep telling ya, officer, I haven't seen Katy Perry in a year.
No, I've never given him a loan either
I recognize her legs but not her face.
They all look like seals to me.
Yes, he stole my fin.
I've seen him around, but we swim in different circles.
You know, if I'd been a dolphin, you woulda never hauled me in.
I guess it's true that all sharks look alike to you guys.
Look, he jumped me alright?
I didn't do it; it was Orca, I tell ya!
I never loaned him a dime!
Not all of us are lawyers.
Look, I'm not falling for the left cop, right cop thing.
I'm telling you. That's my brother Phineas.
She was fat and juicy - what do you expect?
I've never seen that severed limb before in my life!
I told you before. I wasn't there. I was in school!
I can't makes heads or tails this way. He didn't bleed anywhere, did he?
What happens during 'Shark Week' stays in 'Shark Week'.
That guy sleeps with the fishes.
Here's the writ, produce the body.
You can't touch me, cop. I'm an endangered species.
What was I supposed to do? They jumped me first.
Like I told you already, those Happy Days guys jumped me! I was just minding my own business!
We've been tracking your every move for years.
I'm not talkin' 'til I speak to my Director
We are swimming in circles here.
I told you already, that is not the same arm
Yeah, he looks kinda familiar. Then again, they all seem to make that same face.
That's Marco Polo. Oh, I get it. Good one.
I'm swear I haven't even seen Richard Dreyfuss in years!
I tell ya, I never seen that seal before. Now either charge me or cut me loose!
I just can't tell. To me all hominids look the same.
I already told ya. I've never seen that half of a leg.
You should be careful with how you speak to me, everyone in my family is a lawyer
I was in school that night.
Hey Genius, try holding the picture outside of my blind spot. Don't you know sharks can't see right in front their snout?
I wouldn't say we were in a relationship. She was more of a chum.
Okay, clam up if you want, take the Fish Amendment. Just sign this to show that you did it on porpoise.
I demand to speak to my scum-sucking bottom dweller.
Yeah I seen 'im ... he's sleeping with the fishes.
Yeah he slept with me. He sleeps with a lot of us, so what?!
Could it be our boy's done something rash?
Yeah, fancy gloves, a jackknife, sure I know him, so what?
Laws of nature, gentlemen, laws of nature.
Yea. I loaned him some money. So what?
Yeah we were in the same school but he turned out to be a sucker.
I think I should speak to my shark now.
Who are you calling old chum?
You might say he took a swim with the fishes.
Are you sure you want to put that document so close to the shredder?
Just a knife has ol' MacHeath, see? And he keeps it, outta sight...
We believe this man is currently in your digestive system.
Yeah, he sort of looked like that, except he had a peg leg and carried a harpoon.
I swear I didn't know he was an endangered species
I did NOT have relations with that Bar Examiner.
Before I answer, I'd like a toothpick.
Believe me when I tells ya, yous guys ain't going to find this Nemo kid.
Yeah, dat was my chum.
I've never been to a sushi restaurant in my life.
That might be him, but I can't be sure. The guy who tried to spear me was wearing a mask.
Wrong, my friend, YOU'RE gonna need a bigger boat.
Do you take me for a chum?
Yes, that is a copy of my gym membership. And no, I don't know what happened to the other swimmers.
Everyone knows the rules when they swim with the sharks
Eleven hundred men went into the water, three hundred sixteen came out. That's all I know.
Please stop saying, 'Is it this one, Chum.' You're making me hungry.
They all smell the same.
Yeah, I know 'em. That's Ivan 'The Great White' and his enforcer, Vinnie 'The Hammer.'
No, he's not my chum!
Just a coincidence. You boys think I'm the only one who can leave teeth marks like those?
Yeah, I recognize the deceased. You might say he was my chum.
I don't talk out of school
Yea, Buffet, that's the one!
I've never seen that torso.
I'll tell you anything you want. Please, just waterboard me!
I've never seen this seal before.
I tell you I'm not a Bull-- I haven't bitten a red dress in my life--
You want $150,000 for 10% of your company?
Shouldn't you be talking to the killer wales?
No. That's not him. I've told you. He looked like Robert Shaw.
So I'm a Wall St shark. Since when has that been a crime?
Yeah, that's the guy. I knew he looked fishy.
So bite me.
I have a permit for that.
For the last time, I have never seen that guy and I don't even lend friends money
Those damn Republicans.
I'm telling you two once and for all... you can't bait me to squeal with that document!'
OK, OK, but it did look like a seal.
Your dental records match the bite marks on the Vic.
The chum made me do it.
Don't worry, you won't lose your gun or badge, the judge and I do an annual fishing trip in the Turks and Caicos.
I'm telling you, I didn't do it. Fish are friends, not food.
How many times do I have to tell you? I don't know anybody named Spielberg.
I've got a task list a foot long.
Wipe that toothy grin off your face.
Before making any comment, I want a glass of water ... a really big glass.
We ran out of oversized checks.
See this? You were caught on camera behind the swimmer before he disappeared.
It was a feeding frenzy, so why am I being singled out?
It's over! Your chum rolled on you.
What do you mean it's against the law to fish without a license
I'm telling you, I never saw that leg before in my life.
Look, I'm a vegetarian.
I didn't enter illegally. I was caught in shark tournament
Read the fine print. No airboarding fish.
I'm a shark, not a narc.
Yeah, that's me...but I wasn't feeding!'
Just because he's sleeping with the fishes doesn't mean I know him personally.
Nope...not that dolphin.
He's sleeping with the fishes because he's a FISH.
Cough it up!
Yeah, maybe I loaned him some money, maybe I didn't.
All I remember is that he was an innie.
Dental records prove it's one of your 400 teeth.
You're going to need a warrant to check the contents of my stomach.
I have the right to remain a silent killer.
I'm gonna need a bigger lawyer.
There are better shredders on the market!, don't you know?
That's not my sudoku.
There are plenty of fish in the sea...you expect me to remember just one?
I swear, Officer, those jaws ain't mine.
You're charged with promoting reefer madness.
I'm farsighted!
Why am I always the first one you bring in?
Yeah... I knew him, he used to run with the Jets. But what's that got to do with me?
I'd never trust the omakase there.
Really?! You are going to show me a picture? Two words for ya: lateral line.
I already told you we're not friends...I prey on surfers, he preys on fear.
It wasn't me. I was with Mary Lee in Bermuda, ask OCEARCH.
You're grilling me way beyond well done.
It's not me. I wasn't even born when that movie came out!
I don't recognize him, I see a lot of fish.
Mack the Knife? Never heard of him.
Damn, this does look fishy.
You got it all wrong man; me and Flipper was tight.
Those could be anybody's 300 teeth marks.
My right is my good eye and it's not up front, stupid.
...and stop calling me knuckles, that's really hurtful.
That's it, Officer. I recognize that lousy chum.
I am not guilty! Like I was telling you, fish are friends not food.
There's a taste I'll never forget.
I'm not a card shark.
You've got the wrong man. The one you're looking for is Mark Cuban.
Yeah. That's the guy who jumped me. They call him 'The Fonz'.
I'm not signing anything I didn't read
That's him. I'd recognize that leg anywhere.
your lawyer says that he will give you a discount, as a matter of professional courtesy
'Sure. That's 'Hammerhead' Pete. He could never see what was right in front of him.
Just because I'm a lone shark doesn't mean I'm a loan shark.
The Fonz jumped me, I tell you!
Look, as a loan-shark I can offer you a better deal!
Yes! My name is Moby and your a Dick?
Never seen that surfer dude in all my life!
The Choreography Police
I don't care what happened to him. He played for the N.Y. Jets and when you're a jet, you're a jet all the way, from your first cigarette to your last dyin’ day.
I am telling you for the last time. I didn't go to school with that guy.
I'm not a loan shark and I have no idea who that is!
I was just a pup when dey blew up Granpa, but I ain't nevah fugettin' dat face. Dat creep looked just like Roy Scheider!
Yeah, like I'm the only one in this berg wearin' a sharkskin suit!
Third one from the left; I'll never forget those trunks.
I don't know, it was a frenzy down there.
What can I say? Someone cued the music.
That's right, buddy boy. Caught on camera. You AND your chum.
I want a lawyer! And some clarified butter.
I'm a vegetarian.
I won't talk until you give me a splash of water.
Sure, angles can make anything look worse.
I plead the squid.
I've been on an all-seafood diet and don't eat human garbage anymore.
So I took a chunk, I was born this way.
they were less hairy
I'm telling you, I never lent that guy a nickel.
'I can't be sure. They all like alike from the back'.
I'm still hungry -- I demand another attorney!
Usury? That deadbeat nearly sunk me!
I already told you, I've never heard of this Nemo.
That's Remora. What a sucker.
Well... all loan sharks look the same to me, Detective.
Looks like old Macky's back in town.
It wasn't me, man. My anemones are trying to set me up.
This man was clearly hit over the head with a hammer, and as you can see, I am not a hammerhead shark.
That's L-O-N-E, Copper.
Like I told you, I just eat'em, I don't look at 'em!
Hey, you all look the same to me
He kept trying to sell me some damned trawler insurance!
Nope, never ate that one either.
C'mon, I can't remember who I had for dinner last night!!
Stop showing me photos of your mother.
You say feeding frenzy; I say lunch.
Yeah, I know Robert Shaw.' So what?
Don't know him. I'm not in the lending business anymore.
Listen chum, you say she was a stripper, I say striper. What's it to ya anyway?
Okay, okay. I seen her take a skinny dip now and then. Can I get some water now, please?
Oh, I get it. You find the half-eaten body of a guy named Chum and figure the shark must have done it.
I told you already, it was Stephen Spielberg!
damm lawyers
I know you're framing me and my kind for these crimes, but no matter what you do, you'll never get back the hours you wasted on Sharknado.
Like I told you before, I don't know who Teresa Halbach is.
That's not my handwriting.
What made me do it? 450 million years of evolution made me do it.
All these pictures of swimmers are making me hungry.
Bite mark evidence is junk science. You got nothin' on me man!
I'm telling you I don't know what she looked like. All I saw were you two goons keeping me from my breakfast. Can I go back to swimming in the shallow water now?
That's the purse. I'd recognize that skin anywhere.
Maybe if you scratch it, I can sniff it.
Sure, I could cough him up.
Okay...I agree, this was no boating accident.
Well, I wasn't aware lawyers can't subpoena themselves.
Do I look like I can grow a beard?
I told you, I don't know that dude.
I think we have different definitions of 'chummy'.
No, Gerard, he had one arm before I saw him.
I'm not talking until my shark--er,lawyer--gets here.
I'm telling you, I've never seen that delicious-looking man.
Yeah? He's a Jet. So what's it to me?
Hey, Sarge, after this one, may I have a bite?
I already told you I was in Cape Cod getting a bite to eat.
I guess YOU never got carried away with Snapchat.
I keep telling you. I don't know this Louie Miller or a MacHeath.
He doesn't look familiar with his limbs still attached.
You are so bad that they named an attack after sharks
I would ask for an attorney, but I obviously am one.
He was wearing a sharkskin suit if that helps.
You're looking for a loan shark. I'm a lone shark.
O.K., I admit it, and he gave me indigestion!
His frown gave it away - You're the 'good cop' Right?
I'm not talking unless you can guarantee that I'm not going back to the aquarium.
Honestly, I have never seen that fish before in my life.
For the last time, I was never a loan shark!
That's not me, it's my cousin Jaws.
So, I suppose you never had a tuna sandwich?
I haven't ate any humans, I'm a bottomfeeder.
It's really hard tell. The guy was wearing flippers and a mask.
What's the crime in loaning money to people in need?
That man had one arm & one leg when he entered the water.
How can I be expected to remember what I had for dinner last Tuesday?
That's a red herring.
That's not me. It's my cousin Vito the loan shark.
I DON'T HAVE ANY MONEY, HOW COULD BE A LOAN SHARK?
Look, you can either do time for dismembering a surfer or you can tell us where to find this killer whale.
The goal is to illustrate inflation. This is my wurst idea.
I want immunity. And a bucket of fish guts.
Special order for an 'Oscar Mayer'.
That's my fish face selfie.
I swear he did break all my teeth.
Can I at least get a glass of saltwater?
I hate to be ethnocentric, but none of these crimes seem so bad.
How did you get hold of my fish gape?
Yes it looks like me but I was filming Jaws XXI and have 200 people who can alibi me.
Don't you have bigger fish to fry?!
For the last time, I have poor vision and and shape recognition. Don't you guys watch PBS?
I have an alibi; I was spawning.
I swear, I've never seen that leg before.
Hey, I was hungry, but I wasn't starving!
I'm not sure, that cold be the guy but like I told your partner, It was a dark and stormy night
Look boys, the only 'Killer Shark' in this room, will be my lawyer when he gets here.
I'm in the catch and release program
yeah,that's the arm that fed me.
If the loan shark says, put the bite on somebody, I put the bite on somebody.
No I don't know the face. Got a picture of his legs?
We nailed you via your dental records.
I keep telling you boys in Vice; they ALL sleep with the fishes.
Everyone knows I went vegan last year.
I wouldn't have gotten called in, if I was a Great White Shark...
Haven't you got bigger fish to fry?
I'll say it again... I don't attack humans!
Hey -- no one forced him to take the loan.
I'll have the spicy salmon maki and the dragon maki. Thanks, Good Cop.
That could be anyone's severed leg!
I don't need a lawyer. Worst case scenario, Netflix proves me innocent
Yeah, I lent him money--but at the legal interest rate.
Do you recognize this dolphin?
But it was shark week...
Put your mirror down....I confess to loan sharking.
I'm a shark, not a pigeon!
You can't pin this on me copper. They shoulda got a bigger boat!
I'm ready for my phone call and i need someone to help me dial
That's not me. The night of the 23rd I was in the middle of a feeding frenzy.
It wasn't me - I've never seen him before.
Okay already...I'll take a hot pastrami on rye
What do you mean 'all you sharks' look the same?
It's got your fin-prints all over it.
Never laid A tooth on him!
I got sick of hearing, 'the check's in the mail'...
I didn't see her face, do you have a shot of her feet?
Look, I'm just a loan shark, I didn't bite nobody!
I'd demand a lawyer, but that seems redundant.
Yep, I was in the 'seal pool'. They invited me over for dinner.
You've got the wrong guy! I swear! You must be confusing me with another school of fish!
It's like I told you. I never bite anyone below the knee.
I've never even been to Manitowoc County
Fugettaboudit. I ain't a rat, see.
I don't care for paper, but that arm sure looks juicy.
How would I know- sharks eat with their eyes closed.
Clearly it wasn't a great white. No self-respecting great white needs a second bite.
You know, I never see any great whites in here. Why's that?
I swear it was Flipper!
He was wearing a mask, it was self-defense.
Yes, that's you...you're next
Law & Order: APU (Apex Predators Unit)
I told ya a hundred times, I ain't never seen that fish!
I want to see my lawyer! You told me I was auditioning for Shark Tank.
I didn't get a good look at him. He said he was Jimmy Hoffa just as I swallowed him.
Obviously not my work, man. I'm an artist. That's just random gore and surfboards.
I think you've got the wrong shark, that picture of 'me' looks a little fishy.
You have it all wrong, I told you I am a 'lone shark.'
I'm not signing anything.'
Yea, I remember him. Believe he was lunch.
Is this the guy you put the bite on or not?
No! I told you already; it ain't my loan!!!
May I have some water?
Sure i recognize her; seen her two or three times but, how could i know that pilot fish was a minor?
Nothing on the menu pleases you?
I told you, strangulation isn't our thing.
I'd like to see my client in person.
Stop waving that damn thing in my face, or I'll bite your ass.
Alright. I admit it. I did it.
Don't give us the business. This is NOT a case of mistaken identity: This is a picture of Bernardo, the head of the Sharks in 'West Side Story'. There is absolutely no resemblance.
Looks greater and whiter than me.
Witness Protection relocation to Palm Springs doesn't work for me...
you mammals all look the same to me
I don't need a lawyer, I am a lawyer.
I'm going with the 'sharkfluenza' defense.
No, I've never seen that blot; and his name is Rorshack with an R!
Your rights are offered in encrypted sonar.
Yeah, so I have a taste for sushi, so what?
I did not make that loan.
that doesn't look like me, you hammerhead!
Does this look the sea captain who is stalking you?
Yeah, that could be me, so what, I dare you to put me in a line-up with other sharks.
Why isn't one of two playing the 'good cop?'
I don't recognize him, but his bathing suit looks familiar.
I don't care what you think, that's not me. I was chewing on a surfboard off North Beach the day that photo was taken.
Could you tell the 'bad cop' to get off my tail with his golf cleats.
Last time I heard, he was in the can.
No, not that one, you're gonna need a bigger boat.
Like I told ya'...that ain't no chum of mine, see?
I told ya already, I ain't never been near no Amity Island!'
They all look delicious.
It says here you have a history of attacking schools. What do you have against education?
That's not my doing. I've got an overbite.
Sorry, Charlie!
Listen, you can show me pictures of the same crime scene all day, but for the last time--I'm a fish and there's no way I held up a 7-11 in Hackensack. Now, either charge me with something, or let me go back to the ocean. I'm going to die soon.
Okay, I'll bite.
Yeah, that's Mr Wonderful
Jaws? Never heard of him
I maintain it happened in international waters.
That's not me copper, I don't swim with hammerheads.
I'm not taking the bait.
That's my bar license you idiot! Where is my client?
He's the killer man, I just helped eat the body!
'I eat people like that for breakfast,' is a figure of speech!
You have to believe me, copper. I don't eat meat!
You know, I never see you guys pull in any white sharks...
I refuse to say anything without my lawyer present. He's the real shark here.
You all look alike to me.
I'm a loan shark, not a killer whale.
It's hard to know in street clothes.
I won't talk until I am assigned a client.
Don't show me the picture, show my client.
What was I supposed to do? He was jumping over me.
Spielberg. Yeah,that's the guy.
'Doesn't look familiar but all sushi looks alike to me.
Swimming at the beach and singing 'Duh, duh, Duh, duh' is within my First Amendment rights.
Nah, tattoos are a turn off and there is the risk of HIV, hepatitis and prions!
Hey, surfer - sea lion, they all look the same.
That's not even my handwriting.
For the last time! Im a vegetarian
Jeez, I thought lawyers got professional courtesy!
I'm Mr. Wonderful, I had nothing to do with it. You should be grilling Mark Cuban!
Yes, that's what I said I was, a L-O-N-E shark.
This photo places you at Amity Island on the night of the attack.
Now look, see. You can't pin that on me, see. I've got an alibi, see. I was in the sea, see.
Nope,don't recall her....but Hey! It's who I am, I sleep with a lot of fishes!
Looks like Mackie's back in town.
Another seal.
The statute of limitations ran out on that 3 million years ago.
No, I do not recognize those teeth marks!
One-piece polka dot — nope, don't remember that one either.
I have an alibi. I was eating a diver at the time.
That ain't my mug, Copper, it's Mack the Knife.
Not that kind of pool!
No way I can ID any one perp; they're smelts for cryin' out loud!
One more second of not moving and I will be dead
Closer…so I can see.
Finding post adolescent Nemo.
What!? She volunteered for 'Shark Tank'... Don't blame me for her being confused...
We're gonna need a bigger picture.
never saw him before and anyway too skinny for my taste.
Yea, that's one, just out for money but claiming to be a shark !
Card Shark is just an expression.
Why you gotta shove that in my face? I LIKED Aquaman.
Don't play 'Good Cop -- Sea World' with me.
You're guilty - that arm you swallowed has DNA.
'What is this, 'Cold Case'? I was no where near Amity in the 70s.'
Yea, I'm known by the name Charlie the tuna, what about it?
You got the wrong guy, I'm not the shark from THAT movie.
Don't blame me. People at Sea World taught me to eat little fish.
Yes, those do appear to be my billable hours from my time at Mako, White and Hammerhead.
Well what do they call it 'SHARK WEEK' for then anyway?
That's not me, haven't you ever seen a picture of a shark out of water?
What's wrong with sleeping with the fishes?
Yeah, yeah, it's him. We were in law school together.
There sure is something fishy about this case.
Ask my pilot fish, he will tell you I was in Miami at the time.
Don't know 'em. But he does resemble I guy I know that's missing an arm and a leg.
Oh, him! I wasn't THAT hungry.
OK, Ok I ate your toupee
I've got an alibi... check with Spielberg.
Alright, I'll pass the headshot along to Speilberg. Now let me go!
Are you intimating I had something to do with Mr. Spielberg’s unfortunate accident?
He was just a school chum
I'm innocent. I'm a vegan.
I'm telling you, he came after me with a surf board!
Can I use a bite mark?
You act like I'm some kind of cold blooded killer.
I will cooperate when I get my glass of water
Enough with the deep-six references, already.
Like I said, they all look like seals.
For the last time, I'm not a loan shark.
I've already told you. I'm not a rat.
I thought it was the lamp from 'The Christmas Story.'
Move that Miranda list a little closer, buddy, and I'll exercise my right to bite your arm off.
No guns in the interrogation room, smart guy.
I already told ya I don't know no dolphins.
I don't have a lying bone in my body.
Yeah, I seen her around. Sleeps with all the fishes.
Is that your tooth mark on the top line of this loan agreement?
I’ve been facially profiled!
Hey, this is dorsal profiling.
That was years ago - you'll have to ask a dolphin.
'What da ya think? All guys in a bathing suit look alike.'
All I remember is the indigestion.
Unless you guys are the Coast Guard, you got no jurisdiction!
Do you have a shot of his legs?
You're not gonna bait me.
We called him 'The Knife...AKA Mack...'
Ah, you're just gonna say, 'It takes one to know one.'
So I loaned some guy a fin! - that ain’t illegal.
Nah, he ain't the one. Never laid a tooth on him.
I told you, my memory gets a little fuzzy when I go into a feeding frenzy.
'I don't recognize the face, but the arm looks familiar'.
'Left shark', 'right shark', whatever. I've never seen him before in my life!
Huh, uh. This guy had a smaller boat.
Not MY signature!
That's not my client, but if it is, he was just borrowing the car, and in any event he didn't cross state lines.
I guess we all look alike to you, huh?
'Who is this Miranda? Sounds fishy to me.
Officer, you've got to believe me that it was self-defense. That surfer punched me in the nose before I even thought about taking a bite.
22.86%? I would never make a loan at a rate that low.
Yea, we were swimming together. I turned around and he was gone. I don't know where he went.
Don't worry -- it's kosher.
Do you happen to recognize this leg?
The Shark Tank used to be my favorite show, until now.
You realize that 'Sharknado' is just a movie, right?
We know this is your marker—LOAN SHARK!
Yeah, I ate that guy too, but that still doesn’t make me a serial killer....
Call my lawyer, he's the shark
I thought it was an eel. How was I supposed to know it was Bethany Hamilton's arm.
Yeah, I recognize him...I believe his name was Lunch.
What's it to ya chrome dome?
Of course he's not talking Dale, he's a shark.
I don't know Officer Krupke. A jet is a jet.
I know my rights; I'm a lawyer!
I'm innocent, I tell you. Don't put me back in the tank!
Yeah sure that's Quint...we once worked together back in the day. Haven't seen 'em since.
Yea that's him.. now can I get some water?
I swear I only tasted that guy
I was nowhere near the Cape last summer, I was at the beach in North Carolina with some buddies enjoying a nice meal. Let me give you their names and they can verify it.
Does this blood type smell familiar?
Like I told your partner: I don't know nothin' 'bout no missing swimmers.
Can't tell you that. If I do, they'll can me.
If you think I'm a killer shark, just wait until you meet my lawyer.
Dolphin? Porpoise? They all look alike to me.
You're gonna need a bigger charge sheet.
I'm a fish! of course I'm a cold-blooded killer!
Does this leg look familiar?
Hey - she SAID she wanted to lose fifteen pounds.
Yeah, I know Shamu. So what? I know lots of predators.
It's CGI.
You have the best menus...
Detective Murphy caught me single-handed. Burrrp! He had no choice!
How come you guys never bring in the great white shark for questioning?
Nope—I'm a pescetarian.
Yeh, that's the guy. I recognize the wetsuit.
So? You take another look at the lyric... as you can see, my teeth are not 'pearly-white.'
I demand to see my client NOW!
You're fishing.
No, he doesn't swim with the sharks.
Never been to Grand Cayman. Besides, I cannot read.
Bond, you have a license to kill!
Can't say that I've seen the face. Got a picture of the feet?
It was the barracuda I tell you.
It's a list of my food preferences...If I remove people, can I go?
You're kidding me right? I have better taste than that!
Five'll get you ten ol' Mackie's back in town.
Nope, I don't eat Italian.
That's not even a shark, you profilers, it's a dolphin!
You see one surfer, you've seen them all.
I told you before, I did NOT make that loan!
I'm not that cold-blooded.
I prefer 'loans advisor'.
That's the one that got away.
I never saw that surfboard.
Never eaten him in my life!
That's Ahab, not Quint. Go ask the whale.
I didn't realize it was a school of fish zone.
Was this guy last night's dinner Was this guy last night's dinner? /
That's not me. I don't eat humans anymore! They are too fatty, and bad for my cholesterol.
Amity Island? Never heard of it.
Yeah, I recognize him. Tasted like chicken.
You got a bone to pick with me?!?
How many times do I have to tell you? All cephalopods look alike to me!
It wasn't me, I was no where near the Jets territory
So, just because I'm a shark, you think I ate the surfer.
I'm not your suspect, dammit. I'm his attorney.
I've never seen those legs in my life.
Shark Face nothing. I look better than that. It wasn't me. Your not putting me in the can!
That looks nothing like me! You can't even tell one shark from another.
Bland and stringy....
I swim by that reef every day, so what?
I already told you, I didn't bite her, so I have no idea what she tastes like.
Big deal! You know how many millions of sharks use an ATM machine every day!
You're not going back to sea, Fin Fin, until you confess!
That's not a person, I didn't bite him, and if I did he didn't taste good -- so why would I bite him?
The legs look familiar but I can't place the face.
Like I can read.
 HARD TO RECOGNIZE WITH BOTH ARMS AND LEGS IN TACK  !
Yeah, my wife's on that menu. You still got nothin on me.
Super-size... Why not?!
Never saw him, never laid a tooth on him.
You've got the wrong guy, I'm a white shark.
Do I recognize the body parts? No, that's no chum of mine...
Yep I know him he's one of Mussels Marinara's boys, small fish floats down near pier 17 or where ever the current takes em.
Read him his rights, Murphy, he's a real killer. How do we handcuff him?
Guy knocks on my door, says 'candy-gram' -- I had to.
Do you have any Rorschachs that don't look like scarlet billows starting to spread?
Can I please just get a tank of water.
Be a buddy, not a bully.
Never saw that loan in my life.
Buddy, I don't even sleep with the fishes.
I wasn't trying to terrorize anyone. Yeah, sure I bumped into him a few times, but I wasn't trying to scare him. They just taste better.
I'd only recognize his taste.
Yes, but the old ones don't taste so good.
I was just trying to break him out of the underwater jail officer
Forget it. I ain't no rat.
Don't you have any bigger fish to fry!?
Okay, I'm a cold blooded killer
No, that is not my ticket. My ticket was for Delta flight 645 to Atlanta.
Of course I know her...I served on her tenure review board.
I demand to see lawyer, preferably someone fatty.
That's not my seaweed.
No, I meant that he was literally sleeping with the fishes.
You know I'm color blind. Go fish.
I told you; I am not a card shark!
I guess we all look the same to you, huh?
Like I been telling you guys, I can't finger NOBODY!
Me? A bank robbery? You guys are bad at this profiling thing.
'I swear..I've never seen that fin before'!
I thought I had passed the water boarding test.
Can I get a glass of water?
I want to see my lawyer, he is a real shark.
Sorry, have never been in a musical.
Yeah, that's the guy. He said if I endorsed Trump he'd put me on the staff.
Yeah, I recognize the punk. Name's 'MacHeath,' carries a jackknife.
Yea,That's him ! I'd recognize Jacques Cousteau any where even without the bubbles.
I'll talk but my life is endangered.
Nope, never tasted him before in my life
you can play white cop black cop all you want, but I never saw that propose before.
Face doesn't ring a bell. Got a picture of the legs?
Hey... Being my chum was his idea.
Not my style. I always eat the Fitbit.
They all look the same to me. Just tasty morsels!
Forensics shmorensics. I floss after every meal.
The last time we saw each other was on the set of Jaws 3.
Like I told you, I've never even been to Amity.
I don't care how many pictures you show me, it's like I keep telling you, everybody is my chum.
Yeah, that's the guppy.
Since I met that guy, he doesn't have a leg to stand on!
His name was Bruce, and he was known as the jerk of Amity.
Is this you? Looks just like you sunning yourself on the beach. You know you don't belong there with people.You are goingstraight back to the water.
I guess we have a Shark Tale to talk about!
That's the guy - really long hair and an even longer surfboard
shaw shark redemption
You've got the wrong guy, I'm not a loan shark.
How Jaws really ended...
I don't recognise the face, but the feet look familiar.
Yeah, he's swimming with the fishes.
Never seen that fish in my life
Look, even if your right about me swallowing an AK-47, there's no way it's coming up.
So I lent him some money. I lend lots of people money. Is that a crime?
No sir, that’s not my fin in that soup.
I demand to see a lawyer, preferably someone grass-fed.
I already told you. I had some friends for dinner the night of the 13th.
Spielberg? Never heard of him.
Nah, he wasn't a friend. More like... chum.
No, I was not at the beach and yes this is profiling...
Do you have a more recent photo without the limbs?
This is our mutual professional courtesy agreement.
Look somewhere else. I have better taste than that.
We don't identify faces, show me her legs...
Jeez, my fin looks big. I need to lay off the sushi.
Yeah. I know him. He sleeps with the fish.
He is not my partner. I am a lone shark.
The Jets framed us.
.. and that one's me at Woodstock.
Nice try, but that's from 'Jaws'. Get me a lawyer and a Netflix deal, now.
Is this you with Kevin's chum?
I wasn't there that night! That's Flipper!
He was a lawyer. No jury will convict me for that.
Maybe I seen her. What's her feet look like?
It's hard to tell without my water goggles.
It's noon. Can I take a feeding frenzy break?
For the last time I was in court, not at the beach.
I'm a great white, just like Trump thinks he is.
I would never make a loan like that.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU NEVER SEEN ANYBODY THAT LOOKED LIKE THAT
Sure, I made a loan to that dirty mackerel. But I didn't whack him. I'm a legitimate business fish.
Yeah? Well I say I've never heard of Amity Island.
Go ahead, check my stomach for her
I'm only talking to my attorney and he's a real shark.
We all look the same to you!
I've never been To New England and my names not Bruce!
Ever loan this guy any money?
I'm tellin' ya for the last time. I'm a vegan!
Keep Talking!
Read this and we won't have to stay here all day!
That guy never jumped me.
It was 'loan shark, pool shark, then Shark Week.' I just couldn't take it any more!
I'm telling you I wouldn't know that face if it bit me
I want to eat a lawyer.
Making A Carnivore
Never saw him, besides, I was at my baby mama shark house.
I told you, I don't eat people. They have that peopley taste.
Poor guy. He still owes me three grand.
I keep telling you, it was the Jets who pulled off the west side job.
Yeah, I know him, my brother-in-law, I tried to dissuade him but he wanted to swim in their Shark Tank!
No, I don't know any Mack the Knife.
He needed a bigger boat.
Shark: I sea nothing. What is this? Officer: This what you're fin-ed for.
Never seen him. Like I said, I swim alone.
Spielberg.
Lots of people swim with the fishes. I can't remember them all.
I never lent him a nickel.
Are these really the FINished blueprints? They look like a child's JAWing!
You say I wrote that? I say its fishy. Sharks are elasmobranchii, not fish. That has nothing to do with me.
This one seems kinda fishy
I'm a shark not a rat detective.
Gimme a break....he was already dead when I ate him.
I don't care what Spielberg told you, I only do cards, pool, and loans!
That right there is the work of Vinnie. He's a bull shark that circles down in the cove.
Yeah, I've seen that blood in the water. So what?
Have you seen this boy? No...but I've tasted him.
I told you! He was trespassing on MY BEACH!
Ok. Yeah. I know him. Steven Spielberg. May I go now?
Ok show me the picture for the The New Yorker caption contest, two detectives showing a shark a picture hmm, sorry officers I got nothing.
Just because he's missing in the Marina does not mean I know where he is.
I didn't make no loans.
I told you, officer, I'm not a killer whale
Triggerfish, in the coral reef, with the revolver.
Killed by a blunt instrument? Sounds like the work of Hector the hammerhead.
No, I'll never attack one of my own as a professional courtesy.
I just posted it. How many likes do I have?
Yeah, that's him. The tuna. It's always the tuna.
I'm more statistically likely to be your father.
It was a feeding frenzy. Things happen.
I didn't get a very good look--he was standing still.
I'm fed up with all the loan shark stereotypes.
Yes for the fourteenth time, your kids are very cute. Now can we continue with the interrogation?
I never bite canvas rafts !
Yeah, I knew him. Gave him a loan.
You're wasting your time. I've never seen that delicious man before.
My word! Now I see why he tasted so funny.
Do I look like a stool-pigeon to you!
Luca Brasi? Never heard of him.
OK, I confess! I'm a serial killer and I eat my victims!
What do you want me to do? It's not my fault your lunch fell into the ocean.
Just because he's a suspected loanshark doesn't mean I know him.
I see a Guy Fawkes mask, and I see a hoodie that, okay, doesn't fit so well. That all you got?
I've never seen that sea lion in my life.
Accusing me of loan sharking is clearly ichthyoligical profiling.
He was a lone shark.
Closer. I'm nearsighted. Real, real nearsighted.
Listen, I'm a shark. I can't remember what I ate for breakfast this morning, never mind a day at the beach last week.
Is this some kind of trick? This one looks like lunch, too.
EVERY TIME a torso washes ashore, you assume it's me.
he was already dead when i got there.
It wasn't me. You should talk to the killer whale.
Yeah, that's the guy whose surf board ran into me.
The sashimi special looks nice.
That's me and the grandkids at the beach.
Take a look at this leg and tell me where you were Thursday night.
I swim and I eat. Will that help me either either?
She had eyes like strange sins...Sorry, fellas - big fan of Raymond Chandler
It possibly could be Greg Norman, why do you ask?
I'll wear a wire, but I ain't wearing it under a shark skin suit.
That's not a very good picture of me.
That's the bloody leg, alright, but it was an accident.
Yeah, that's the guy I ate, he invaded my personal space.
I'd like to speak to my shark, er, lawyer.
These silly pictures serve absolutely no porpoise.
They told me business was a sausagefest
That's not my chum.
Yeah I seen him down by da pool, he's a pool shark.
Always blaming the great white sharks, aren't you? Bigots!
I never saw that leg before in my life!
No, he looks more like a Jet.
I'm not that kind of predator, I tell you!
Nope, that leg doesn't look familiar.
I knew I shoulda eaten the camera first!
I never touched THAT harbor seal.
My 'alibi' is shark week.
Like, do you remember what you had for dinner last night?
I'd like to regurgitate my lawyer.
All people look the same to me!
One more time: where's the swim team ?
I'm telling you, I'm a victim of profiling.
No, I'm not Moby Dick.
I'm a lawyer, I know my rights.
I demand to see a lawyer – no wait, I am a lawyer.
Is this about the loans?
Closer. A little closer...
I don't know that hammerhead
Oh Yeah? Well my alibi has teeth!
Honestly he should be glad that I did not press charges because he was the one to punch me in the nose first
Nobody actually says, 'sleeping with the fishes.'
I told you, some of my best friends are surfers, but I don't know this guy.
It wasn't me, I'm telling you! I work the Blue Horizon Show, everyday at Sea World, 10:00 AM, 1:00 PM, and 4:00 PM. Call my boss if you don't believe me.
Have you not figured out that all sockeye salmon look alike?
I have no connection to that chum.
Yes, I gave that man a loan. But what you called me is offensive - I'm a predatory lender.
I don't ask their names, just eat 'em.
No, they did not jump over me.
See... Even the fact checker says this statement is inaccurate.
That is a standard interest rate.
Do you recognize the teeth marks on this surfboard?
Look, they all taste the same to me.
Yeah, it could be the guy that I ate but it was really dark and I had been out with the guys, you guys understand? Late night snack and he looked like a seal.
Sure I know Marlin, he's Nemo dad, what's it to ya
Yeah, I've made some loans.
He slept with fishes. That's why they killed him.
That's the guy who accused me? He doesn't have a leg to stand on!
How am I going to read that? I am a Shark hello!
What is this, a roar-shark test?
'Yeah, that's the guy who jumped me,' said the shark, when shown a picture of Donald Trump
Yeah, I ate him too, so what?
Law & Order: Shark Victims Unit
I've never seen that leg in my life.
His cement boots were larger.
Take a look Killer. Your loan shark days are over.
Please take another look at the numbers Jawrome. Are you sure you don't want to fund my startup idea for organic hair restoration?
Yeah, I heard he was sleeping with the fishes
Seriously, it's more likely he got hit by lightning than that I had anything to do with it.
Gentlemen, this is profiling. Anyone could've chewed off that leg.
I'd like to speak to my lawyer.
I said I had no remoras.
Nope, never seen that orca before in my life . . . can I go now?
Hey man, I didn't force you to take out those student loans.
You had a sea of opportunities!
When you have to investigate a shark and hear nothing but the shark's tail ;)
I'll answer your question, but can I get a glass of water first?
Mack the Knife... maybe I recognize him, maybe I don't.
Seriously? Write down my statement?
where I come from, a dead fish really is a gift, detective
You shouldn't jump to conclusions.
That's Bruce....we used to chum around together....
Is this the guy you we're getting chummy with?
Last time I saw her she was going to meet Spielberg for a remake!
That's octopus ink. I did not eat the octopus!
This isn't what I meant when I said I want to see a lawyer
And then he ran into my teeth... He ran into my teeth ten times.
At least you gave me a Miranda warning.
I ain't no cardshark. You got the wrong guy.
I was just trying to get the human out of his cage
Look, I may have loaned this guy money but I ain't no killer whale!
You're wastin you're time boys, old Jimmy's swimmin with the fishes.
I ain't no killer whale!
Until I speak with my attorney, I'm pleading the fish.
Yes, that is Jerry Tarkanian.
And what do we have here?' 'Look, I just want my food. I don't care what you have to do to get that, just give it to me.' 'Hey I just want my money that you owe me.
I don't know Aqua Man, it was murky down there.
Boating accident.
You've got it all wrong...he was my chum.
Hey- you didn't signal that you were going to turn under me.
I can't always remember what I ate. So how do you expect me to identify it?
Yes, I know Nemo. But fish are friends not food
i swear that guy just fell into my mouth
My only regret is that he wasn't fatter.
I can't breath.
Yea, that's the guy. It's like he came out of nowhere...He jumped into my home, punched me in the face, and then swam away.
I keep telling ya, there is no good shark recipe
I didn't get a good look at him. Everyone was in such a frenzy.
Listen dude,I ain't seen no Nemo!
Look me in the face and tell me you did not eat this man!!
You've got the wrong guy. I'm tellin ya, I don't even DO loans.
Yes, he's the one who stole my sharkskin purse.
How should I know who that is? There are lots of fish in the sea.
He got a little chummy, what of it?
Looks like a Hook, Line, and Sinker!
Yeah, that's him. That's the guy I ate.
Do I look like I can shuffle cards?
That's some bad hat, Harry.
This is water.
'No I have not seen a clown fish that looks like that'.
No, I did not eat Nemo
Well, it looks like a seal to me.
That could be anybody's foot.
I'm not interested in faces.
I'll rot in Monterey before I give yous'e anything.
Who's Chevy Chase?'
Wait, water-boarding is only practiced on humans?
He defaulted on the loan and got what he deserved.
I think you will need to talk to my friend, the hammer head shark, about this situation in order to hit the nail on the head.
I told you already – he fell and landed in two halves like that.
Who are you calling 'chum'?
I ate the sheriff, but I did not eat the deputy.
I guess The New Yorker finally jumped the shark.
We're gonna need a bigger investigation room.
Maybe he disagreed with something that ate him.
It's clear, Mack. That's you on the tugboat down by the river, don'tcha know, with Louie Miller and Sukey Tawdry.
Come closer, and I'll fess up.
I told ya already, I ain't seen her. I am a land shark not a loan shark.
The latest twist on phishing is spear phishing. It's not a sport, it's a scam and I'm the target.
Left shark just can't make things right.
Like I said, I never played blackjack before.
With all due respect, I am not a rat.
I told ya, I'm just a loan shark, not a killer whale
Could you waterboard me again? I have the right to remain saline.
Come on, she was obviously a sea turtle.
You're gonna need a bigger cell
Yeah, I remember her – she was all legs.
I have a watertight alibi, and You Can't Stand the 'Tooth!'
All I can tell you is he tasted like chicken.
Never eaten that tatoo before in my life.
Damn it, I already told you, I'm a shark, not a rat!
Swimming in the ocean wearing that skin tight black outfit should be considered entrapment. If you ask me, I should be suing him.
Let me get this straight. All I have to say is 'you look good enough to eat in that swimsuit,' and I'm free to go?
He looks like lunch.
For the last time, I'm right shark. You are looking for left shark, he's the one out of sync in life.
Nah, I'm not in any Gang; I'm a lone shark.
It's your FaceBook post from the 21st: 'If it's got 2 legs and in the H2O, it's a meal 2 me :) I
OK you've got your guns and you've got the list of rules - so you think there's something 'fishy' going on ?!
Ahab?? Ya got me, detective. Ahab who?
That picture? You got me stumped copper.
No, he didn't drive a Sting-Ray.
What can I tell ya? Maybe he shoulda gone to The Money Store.
Typical species profiling, I give out some money and you jump to conclusions.
Please, no questions until my seagull counsel arrives.
I know those scarlet billows look bad, but I did not kill old Lucy Brown!
Wouldn't know. He's a Jet.
Wave it around like a wounded fish, then I'll tell you if I recognize him.
Blue striped surfboard. Don't remember seeing on that day.
I was nowhere near that school.
So.Spielberg is great at special effects.
No, I'm not a rat.
Spielberg's given me a bum rap!
I want my lawyer. He's a real shark.
The water wasn't so clear, but I think I saw Nemo swimming by in a funny way.
Amity Island, 1974, so what if I was there?
I told you, I'm a vegetarian.
I was home alone yesterday and an intruder came in, so I ate him.
I never met a man I didn't like.
Yes, he was always chummy -- why?
Spielberg made me do it.
You're asking the wrong guy, dude. I'm a vegan.
Officer it's him, Mack the Knife.
is this the last person you ate
I never put a finger on that swimmer.
I keep telling you, that's not me. We DO all look alike.
You are nothing but a two-bit loan shark
Can you just move that over to my left a bit?...
I never eat and tell.
He was bald and fat and gave me a bad case of indigestion.
I'll say it again: he's no chum of mine!
What did you expect when you hired a sketch artist without hands?
Yes you have the right to an attorney but if you've eaten that attorney you're on your own now
I haven't seen Katy Perry since that night.
It's not on this menu, but I believe I'll have the Good Cop/Bad Cop Sushi.
She was jail bait, chum!
OK, the face, I don't know, the legs, maybe.
I've told you that I don't know what happened to Charlie the Tuna.
It was the Jets that done it.
Try holding the picture up over my head.
But I don't even work at Seaworld.
I have no idea how my fin prints got there.
I'm telling you, the last time I saw Nemo he was alive.
This page intentionally left blank.
You see a victim, I see lunch; you must see the cognitive dissonance.
Damn it, I told you! Those aren't my selfies!
I swear that is the suicide note I was handed before that guy jumped into my mouth.
He's at 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
I wasn't even near that beach and besides, I'm avoiding anyone who still consumes GMO's
He's guilty. He's even wearing my tooth as a necklace.
How would I know? You all look the same to me.
How should I know; they all look alike!
OK Rorschach you see a surfer, I see a seal. It's only what the jury sees that matters.
'I know it looks bad, but is it my fault he was wearing a seal costume?
I don't know anything about that!
Those could be anyone's tooth impressions on that surfboard, how do you know their mine?!
That's not my handwriting, copper. That's some tuna's handwriting.
We went out for one seal, and then he swam home and I never saw him again!
I'm the lawyer.
Holy mackerel, I know him!
Just another fish in the sea to me.
I keep telling you there are more fish in the sea.
It's not me. Too Jawish looking.
That shark fin soup recipe doesn't scare me.
No jail bait.
Yeah, but the last time I saw him he had two legs.
Your pictures of soup don't scare me
If you would please since I have issues with the postal service.
Not all sharks will take the bait.
And I'm telling you I've never been to the Great Barrier Reef!
Did you see this fish in the reef last Thursday?
Show me the one of her feet again.
Hey, just because the guy was wearing a sharkskin suit doesn't mean it was me.
You can't make me bite, Sarge.
Hey, go easy. I'm having a hard time breathing.
Could you pick out this leg in a lineup?
I'm only talking to Brody!
It shows he was killed by a blunt instrument. Do I look like a hammerhead?
Those guys are a bunch of chumbags
Jailbait!
I'm not talking until my brother the lawyer gets here.
I'm sorry officer, but it looks like a red herring to me.
No, Officers I told you a hundred times, I'm not investing in your side projects. Now put me back in the tank.
That's not me...I was an extra on shark week that day.
I haven't seen Willy, I swear. Not since he was freed.
I'm not a cold-blooded killer, Detective Brody.
No Way! Not my handwriting!
See this? The polyethylene found at the crime scene matches your DNA.
I'll make you an offer. $100,000 for a 15% stake in your company.
I want my lawyer. Call my brother.
I swear I've never seen that surfboard before!
Yeah, that's my cousin Eddy. You say he ate Spielberg?
It wasn't me. I'm a vegetarian.
But you said to really 'hotdog it' on this contract!
I've already told you; I was with left shark.
I am a L-O-N-E shark!
Yeah, I know him. Did you think building a wall would keep him out?
I'd rather swim with the fishes than take the bait.
You can't make me say anything about my client. Its all attorney client privilege.
Yeah, so what? He still looks like a seal to me.
'Sir is this criminal fine for the dinner'. the shark says 'I want the fat person, not like skinny as him.'!:)
Greg? Sure, he's an old chum of mine.
I already told you officer. Those puffer fish aren't mine!
No, I've never seen that surfboard before.
It was international waters, you've got nothing!
That's road kill, you think I take a lot of midnight strolls?
I keep telling you, I've never been to Amity!
Yea, Yea!! That's the guy who bit me!
You insult me. Only amateurs leave raggedy edges like that.
Yep, that's the guy who took off with my suit!
Didn't anyone ever tell you that sharks don't have binocular vision?
Looks like a boating accident to me.
I didn't know it was a baby seal.
Ok, I loaned him money but I did not eat him
Can I have a pool of water?
Nah that ain't him. That's just a big tuna.
'Not me, thats my brother Clyde
What do you mean all human torsos look alike? This one has a Sugar Ray tattoo!
Define 'eat'.
I swear Officer, I haven't seen him since Jaws 2.
In my defense he was wearing a 'Pepperidge Farms' t-shirt.
I would never eat something that looks like THAT!
It was self defense. The swimmer was armed.
Let's just say we were chums.
I'm farsighted. You're gonna need bigger note.
That's not me. That's my cousin Vigorish. But, we all look the same to you.
Is this the idiot that borrowed money off of you?
That's a motor propeller slash, not from shark teeth, you moron.
What is the nature of your relationship with this attorney?
I never ate him before in my life
That's him. The guy with the peg leg.
I admit that I took a little bite, but I really was just there to deliver a candygram.
No, I don’t recognize him, but the teeth look like those of the very big man in a James Bond movie.
Naw, He's just a cardshark.
Yeah, that's my cousin, Vinny -with some guy's foot in his mouth . . . So what? You got nothin' on me, copper.
No Sir, that is NOT the leg I ate.
I never seen that tuna before.
You have the biological imperative to remain silent.
For the fourth time, you cannot park on Wall Street even if you work there.
Don't give me the old all-phytoplankton-look-alike routine, Buddy.
Hard to tell, could be Jimmy The Squid on da left? Like I said, I don't mix with these types no more. I'm on the up and up. I'm legit! I'm a licensed property appraiser!
S-H-A-R-K b-a-i-t
i aint gonna sign nuttin, ya know why?--cause i aint got no hands....
I never loaned a dime to that guy.
Call? I am the attorney.
Never seen him - way too many of us in that tornado.
I don't have any oxygen left in my bloodstream but it's...gasp...actually kind of cool. It's kind of like tripping balls while having a giant orgasm...unh....tell my wife I always loved her...gasp...all is one and none of it mattered...
This X-Ray containing scuba diving gear in your stomach doesn't look too promising for your homicide case.
Like I know every other shark. That’s just fishist.
Just because I provide much needed loans to small businesses doesn't mean I'm a shark
That's not me it's my twin brother. Just ask Neptune.
Yeah, I gave him a loan too
you've really got me out on a limb, here.
Well, I really couldn't say - do you have any pictures of her from the neck down in a swimsuit?
Okay, but from my angle, she looked like a seal.
Jonah who ?
Really, a pasty white thigh is all you have to go on? They all look the same to me.
I have not seen that surfbord
We don't 'ALL' look alike.
Every time you time you find a dead Jet in an alley, I get Dragnetted in here. Just you wait my lawyer will have me off the hook in no time.
Jaws 3: Apprehended
So, he owed me a fin, so what?
I'll have the liver with a nice chianti.
I didn’t lend him money, and I resent being stereotyped.
He was wearing fins and a face mask.
She had two legs when I last saw her, I swear!
I was merely trying to reattach his arm.
You're looking at three counts of Approach Without Saying 'Da-Duh'
Listen, I want to be nice, but my friend here wants to go Robert Shaw all over you.
I already told you... I'm a vegetarian.
I get jumped all the time.
Okay. Maybe it does look like me. But Goldie will swear I was back in the tank by midnight.
C'mon, a Jet will say anything to get a Shark in trouble.
I want a kiddie pool and a lawyer. In that order.
Yes, yes okay, yes. Off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, summer of '98, I think.
He punched me in the nose.Can't a shark defend himself ?
I have NO idea who that is !....We all look alike !
You know I can't breathe on land right?
Yeah, I was 3,000 nautical miles from here, but you said I was under house arrest.
Let's stop going around in circles.
That's the guy. I'd recognize the leather jacket anywhere.
I told you I don't remember! Long time no sea.
Four Words: 'Netlix And My Lawyer'
What? I thought he was a seal.
I never loaned that guy any money!
Yes that's the surfboard that broke my tooth.
So you're the big tuna around here?
As I told you before, I'm not related to Bruce from Jaws.
I'm gonna take The Fifth ... and your forearm.
Yeah that's him alright. My cousin, the lawyer
Stop hammer pounding me, you got the wrong shark!
Just wait til we tell the Japanese we got you.
Have you seen these painted toes recently? Where were you yesterday afternoon? You better cooperate now, while we can still help you!
You're way off the mark, officer. How the hell would I get to Salt Lake anyway?
I was just trying to take a bite out of crime.
No, officer, that's no chum of mine!
Look, I told you a thousand, I'm innocent, I had nothing to do with Jaws 3.
Yep, he was in my law school class.
Surfer? Seal? Who can tell?
Catch and release. Are you kidding?
Honest guys, I ain't seen ol' Quint since 1975.
How did you make detective? Obviously I work on 'K' Street.
The only thing I'm guilty of is moving to Wisconsin in the first place!
Did I sign for that fin? You're profiling.
I was nowhere near that school of fish or that coral reef on Monday.” “Am I free to go or do I need to call my attorney from the law firm of Mako, Tiger, Whale and Hammerhead LLP?
It was consensual.
Oh sure, always blame the shark !
Bug fixes and performance improvements.
I ain't sayin' nothing, till one of you dicks pretends to the 'good cop'.
Of course her interest is high - I am the lone shark here!
For the last time, I'm telling you I can't sign that confession.
This proves you're nothing but a born killer.
That helicopter was photoshopped.
Of course I know my rights. I've been a lawyer since you were in diapers.
I went swimming with her once but I never touched her.
Okay, I took a nibble, but look at the way she was dressed!
You can't fool me. That's a mug shot of a lawyer.
'Sorry, to me all Tilapia look the same.'
This interrogation can only go on for so long until I can't breathe anymore!
How am I going eat a sandwich? I have fins, you idiot.
He is swimming with the fish now
Ugh, another rorshark test
I never saw that arm before.
You think so? Wait'll you meet my lawyer.
I've never bitten ..I mean seen,that person in my life!
is this the guy that poisoned the water?
I've never seen that loan application before.
I told you, I've never seen that dolphin before.
I'm not your man, coppers. I suggest you talk to Mack the knife.
So I was there? There were a lot of guys there, it was a frenzy.
Don't prove nothing, Office Krupke. Jets got fins too.
Yeah, it's like I told ya. I don't know the dude. Cold be anyone. There's a lot of fish in the sea....
I'm not signing a thing until I eat an attorney.
I ain't set foot in Boca...that's Uncle Charlie's territory.
Is that a mug shot or a menu?
We already know you weren't in school that day
I know your a lawyer, but I still have to read you your rights!
That's from Sharknado.
I don't know from faces; you got any pictures of their legs?
Remember these words: 'If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.'
I never saw that harbor seal before in my life.
You think I'm a shark......wait till you meet my lawyer!!
I agree your photo fit of the lone shark does look somewhat like me ?
I've never seen that diver before in my life.
I take the fish...er...Fifth.
I'm telling ya, the guy doesn't owe me a dime.
No, I've told you guys already, that is not my handwriting.
If the teethmarks don't fit, you must acquit.
I literally can't sign my confession!
Of course I know him that's my cousin Finnie
The writers have really jumped the shark this season.
Your motha's ugly.
So Sharky, what time was it?
For the last time, I wouldn't know a loanshark if I saw one.
How am I supposed to tell? You all look alike to me!
300 percent interest ain't legal in this state.
For Christ sake, it was only a movie!
I want to talk to my lawyer. He's a hammerhead.
Alright, is this when you two do the 'Good Cop, Japanese Fisherman' routine?
I can't sign that.
You've got the wrong shark . . . I'm a Sea World entertainer.
That was no boating accident!
That's you stealing that shark skin suit! You're under arrest. Fins behind your back.
Sorry, that license plate is not familiar.
Nope...never seen the guy. Oh! Wait. Yes...he tasted like chicken. Oops! Did I say that out loud?
I am not a loan shark!
That's the guy - rainbow trunks, hairy legs, screams like a girl...
Yes, I confess. He is my distant relative, but I have nothing to do with his menaces.
My lawyer will rip you two apart in court
He's just an old chum.
Yeah sure, it's almost lunch time, and you guys decide 'Hey, let's grill the shark!'
OK, but I never did do the combined part, dude.
Yeah, I ate him. So what?
I ain't sayin nothin' until I get a cigarette and a bucket of plankton.
Well, last night the cops told me to keep moving. Keep moving.
You can't pin it on me, I only ate the left leg, not the rest of him.
Exasperatedly, she threw her martini straight at the suspect's head.
What you've got there is a red herring.
Dolphins are actually really sexual beings and wil even solicit humans for sex. It's a two-sided coin, though. They can also be racist.
I swear I now nothing about that Fish Bowls gang you're talking about.
I told you before and I'll tell you again: it was shark week.
I wish to exercise my right to remain saline.
Yea, that looks like him. Can you rip the photo in half? Just to be sure?
Whoever did that had a severe overbite!
This won't stick, it's nothing more than abalone dragnet.
The mayor used to box.
Yeah, yeah . . . anyone I bite can be held against me.
Don't tell me that happened; it is blatantly photoshopped.
Now, that is a bigger boat!
Do you recognize this air mattress?
Maybe... there's a lot of fish in the sea.
Looks like him, but it's hard to tell without all the snorkeling gear.
Your idea doesn't even qualify for the $75 Third Prize. Next!
Da Da Da Da...Yes. I admit it. That's my signature theme.
I told you, to a shark, humans all look the same!
Kiss my dorsal fin, copper.
Why do you always suspect the great white guy?
Do you recognize this Mako?' 'I don't see color man. Sharks say I'm a Great White and I let them.
Look buddy, I've seen LOTS of legs and butts.
Yeah. That's the fella, but without the concrete overshoes.
So you're telling me this isn't one of your chums?
That could be me, but like I said, Shark Week is all kind of a big blur.
It wasn't me. I HATE anchovies.
Read my teeth!
Not ringing a bell . Do you have a picture of the feet ?
I've never eaten her in my life!
Never seen him. And what kind of name is 'Nemo?'
I never ate, um, saw those legs before.
I already told you . . . all you people look alike to me.
Yeah that's them, Quint,Brody and Hooper. The ones that killed my big brother.
This autopsy report clearly shows bite marks consistent with YOUR dental records.
OK, I'll talk. Now, waterboard me, quick.
nomnomnomnomnom
I'm not saying another word until my documentary crew gets here.
Records show the victim had an outstanding loan with you.
Yes, he cut me off that wave, so I cut him off his leg.
That's 'Shark-S**t', I was nowhere near Coney Island!
You all look the same to me - I go only by flavor!
Look at me, I ain't no rat.
I insist on an attorney--preferably salted.
Yeah I've seen that leg before, but it was attached to a body.
You got the wrong gang. That's definitely the Jets handiwork.
Can I have a glass of water first?
Like I told you a million times, I ain't never seen that leg before!
OK, one more time, do you recognize this leg?
The first ingredient in that recipe is wrong.
Look, this is clearly you flying through the tornado biting people.
Don't recognize him. It was a big school.
How should I know? All the legs look the same to me.
I'd never bite into anything that ugly
You know this 'good cop, bad cop' thing won't work on me. I'd just as soon eat either one of you.
I keep telling you I ain't no loan shark!
I thought he was chum
Last place I saw him was in a dive bar
Yeah yeah, that's the guy. Name's Jaws!
He was that short when I met him.
Yeah she tried to chum my pants off but I wouldn't take the bait
No, that's not a picture of my buddy, it's a picture of my chum.
You don't scare me, everyone in my family is a lawyer!
Yeah I recognize them, they work for a soup company.
I've never eaten that person in my life
I never wanted biting a human. The man in speedo invaded my space. I claim self-defense under the stand your ground law.
Never seen that leg before.
We'll see about that when my attorney gets here.
I told him upfront what the interest rate was- he's lucky I didn't collect his leg, too!
Eat another pizza delivery guy and we're revoking your immunity!
Yeah, I freed Willy. What's it to you?
Forget it. I'm not a blubberer.
That looks like Mack's work to me.
To chum it up, I gave the source of that hand writing sample a digestive leave.
No...I didn't bite off more than I can chew!
That's Fonzi alright, the guy who jumped me.
I don't care what he says, he doesn't have a leg to stand on.
Yeah, sure, that's Macheath. I sold him the knife.
What does Steven Avery have to do with this?
To hell with a lawyer. Give me Jimmy Buffett.
I don't know, one pair of kicking legs looks like another to me.
Okay, that's a surveillance photo of me in the water with the dude who died. So what? There's no blood in the water. Everyone knows that's my trigger.
I dont know how the shark tooth got there, I've never even been to Manitowoc.
You call that evidence? That's not evidence. I eat guys like you for breakfast.
That arrest warrant is bogus. I swear I'm NOT a loan shark, merely a shark alone!
Nah, not quite. The dude that bit me had a bushier mustache.
' How was I suppose to know I ate Flipper, they all look alike to me '.
That's not my fin-gerprint!
So let me get this straight, I was somehow able to spin with this tornado, and kill from within?
I do not recognize that dealer.
Im not talking until my lawyer swims in here.
I'm Innocent, I swear!
What do you think this is, West Side Story? The Jets have been, shall we say, digested.
Yep, that's the Shark Fin Soup Nazi!
Have you heard the term, 'dorsal profiling?'
So, is this the victim or what's on the menu for lunch?
Nope, she's too sugary for me.
You know what’ll happen if we send you up the river…
I can turn sharply in any direction if you make it worth my while.
You're the one that needs the warning; your fingers smell like tuna fish.
Look, I already told ya ten times that I don't see so good. How about getting me a whiff of him?
Do you recognize this shadow?
Hammerhead? Do I look like a hammerhead? You're a hammerhead!
It wasn't me! That's not my bite mark.
Sure, that's Luca Brasi. We went swimming together just last week.
What's the matter, Detective? Chum of yours?
Yeah, that dude...left a bad taste in my mouth.
Yea, that’s me right behind the surfer. What’s that supposed to prove?
That's all you got? A photo of blood in the water?
Peg leg! Gregory Peck look-a-like! That's HIM. I want a restraining order!
So Riff's gone missing. What are you harassing me for?
Just because I gave somebody a loan...
I told you before I never met Roy Scheider.
The only way you'll get my cooperation is by water boarding.
I've never seen that torso before in my life, detectives.
Don't give us that fish out of water bit
I didn't do it.' 'That was a boat accident.
Pippet, Alex Kintner, Ben Gardner, Quint . . . the list goes on and on. Were you or were you not living in and around Amity Island in 1975?
What Polar Plunge Massacre? I'm off Hilton Head by Thanksgiving.
You ain't gonna find no leaks in my story, Pal.
If I'd eaten that, I'd remember.
Yeah, tasted like chicken, so what?
Things were going along swimmingly till this masked man with a spear attacked me!
Maaan, I eat 'em all feet first.
I never tasted, I mean saw that seal before.
She didn't look THAT good in a bathing suit.
The radius of those bite marks don't match mine.
If you don't tell us what we want to know, you're gonna be swimming with the fishes !
I told you before. All I can remember were his eyes. Those dead human eyes...
Well we heard you graduated from pool shark to manslaughter.
Vhat ? No Calimari ?
I'm telling you. I don't know no Arthur Fonzarelli.
Yeah, I seen him. He's swimmin' with the fishes.
Don't blame me. He was wearing a Speedo.
...And I promise to stay out of shallow waters..
I'm not saying a word until I eat my lawyer.
Yeah, he sleeps with the fishes. But I don't judge lifestyle choices.
How would I know, Krupke? Those Jets all look alike to me!
I ain't sayin' nuthin' without my remora.
I can't tell. You wouldn't happen to have a sample of his blood?
I told you already, I barely know the guy. I'm just his attorney.
That's NOT my license plate!
Just wait till my lawyer gets here. He's a REAL shark!
We found this I.O.U. on a guy who's sleeping with the fishes.
Of course I don't recognize the victim ...how can I without a head..And no you can't get a DNA sample
Without fingerprints you got nothin'.
We have your fin print at the aquarium. Just give up the dolphins and we can all go home.
I am my own attorney
If you think I’m going to bite on that you’re nuts!
Try putting it under water; it might jog my memory.
That's not me! And this is nothing but species profiling.
Does this look fishy to you?
I've never digested that girl in my life.
That’s the guy who jumped me.
That could be anyone's dorsal fin.
I ate Trump's peruke, I certainly didn't have room for yours.
Your alibi is pretty fishy.
Mack the Knife? Never heard of him, and besides I'm off the paleo diet these days!
You're crazy. That looks nothing like me, copper.
A word of advice. Don't jump me.
I'm a LOAN shark, I tell ya. A LOAN shark...
If I say yes am I off the hook?
If I sign the confession, then can I get some water?
Cut the good carp, bad carp routine.
Sorry pal. If that's your offer, I ain't biting.
Never seen him. What's he smell like?
I already told you, I victims all look the same: white, small fish.
Why do you always haul ME in every time someone's leg goes missing?
He sure didn't taste that fatty.
Hey…I might be a killer, but I didn't murder nobody.
You wouldn't even have brought me in if I was a great white.
I've already had some, thank you.
For the last time, I did not give him a loan.
guys, this is species profiling. I want my lawyer. Gray lives matter, you know?
I have never, nor would I ever loan that guy money.
Of course I'm cold blooded. What's your point?
I've never seen that thing I thought was a seal before in my life.
Don't know the name, just know he was a Jet.
Sign the confession now or I'll get Orca to persuade you.
I want a lawyer. Wait, I am a lawyer.
I don't know nothin' about that loan.
Sir, this is your third citation for public urination on our beach.
You can take your Miranda rights and bite them!
Pompadour. Leather jacket. Yeah, that's the punk that jumped me.
You have nothing on me your profiling ; it was the otter .
Nope, I can't say I recognize your chum...'
J-E-T-S, Jets, Jets, Jets. Are you happy now?
Of course it was cold-blooded ! I'm a shark!
I am not a cold-blooded killer!
So what. You think I'm the only one who leaves bite marks like that?
Can I taste it instead?
That's him! The Loan Shark did it.
What if I told you I was a privileged Great White male?
No.....I've never seen that foot before.
Let's just say he's sleepin with the fishes.
Sure, I sampled, him, why not, he was delicious. But I didn’t kill him!
You keep the land, I keep the water -- and we say this accident never happened.
One bloody arm looks much like another.
Ahab? never heard of him. How should I know why he's missing a leg?
I'll confess. Just put me anywhere but Seaworld.
You are looking for a loan shark, not a lone shark.
Eat me.
Answers to the name of Nemo. Last seen heading toward the surface.
Wanna prove I did it? Try matching the bite mark.
Do you remember everyone you ever ate?
No, that's not my signature! You see any arms?
you have never seen shark tank!!
I told you I don't know about any loans. I just play cards.
I Know I have aright to an attorney, but No Tanks.
I swear I've never seen that surfboard before in my life.
I suggested take-out, but no one ever listens to me.
Them loans was all within government guidelines.
Don't all sharks look alike?
I dunno. Looks like my work. Can I go now?
You're going to need a bigger note.
I told you, I don't remember anything from that night. I was tanked.
Listen copper, I keep telling you -- I'm no rat!
What's a 'swimmer'?
That's Stevan Spielberg, he made me do it.
Why am I in here? I'm the one who got jumped!
You can trust me, I'm a lawyer.
Miley's here.
Alibi? Sorry, the remora is already cooperating with us.
I'll go with the tuna sashimi and side order of krill.
Never ate the guy.
Hey, 'In cold blood' is the only way I do ANYTHING.
I dunno -- you gotta picture of just his bottom half?
The glass you're holding has a crooked bottom. You'll thank me for that later...
Sure I know him I had him for breakfast.
I knew him, but he never borrowed any money. You've got the wrong fish.
I don't even have pectoral fins, why would I steal pectoral fin jewelry? And how am I sitting in this chair right now? And speaking? Come to think of it, none of this makes any sense. I want my lawyer.
They don't call me hammerhead for nothing!
Yes officer. That's the guy that jumped me.
Vegans, Yes! Vegan, NO!
I thought this was 'Shark Tank'!
Yeah, I know him. Who can forget those 'dead' eyes?
I didn't eat him; I'm a diabetic.
Have I seen this person before? I can't remember what I had for supper last night, never mind a month ago.
Unless you come clean, you're going upriver to an aquarium for the rest of your life.
I don't do loans; I'm a lawyer.
Officer that's not my dorsal fin. I stopped going to the Hamptons years ago.
So what, his legs are broke. I'm a SAND shark.
I wasn't immigrating. I was migrating.
Yeah, well I ain't talkin' until my client gets here.
MacHeath? Nah, never heard of him.
C'mon, stop jerking us around...we found his leg in your freezer...what did you do with the rest of him?
Nice try, but I know shark bait when I see it.
This is dorsal profiling.
Yeah? Like you remember what last night's lasagna looked like.
What happens in the ocean stays in the ocean.
Hey, you're looking in the wrong tank!
This is out of my depth.
Is it such a crime to have the Mahi Mahi?
I'm telling you, that's not me. I'm just a loan shark.......
Seen him sneaking round the corner. Name's Mack. Has a knife. Keeps it it of sight.
That's him. Quint. His ship's the 'Orca'.
I can't quite make out those teeth marks. Bring it in a little closer... little bit closer...
Listen, I only saw his legs and Speedo. I never got a look at his face.
It's that damn music!
Your 'good cod', 'bad cod' ain't gonna work.
For the last time, I'm not a member of the Sharks or the Jets.
Not me. Looks like it's just some dude in a shark skin suit.
Finicky doesn't mean what you think.
Protecting one's home is not a crime, brrp!
No, I didn't stop there. I'm always in motion.
True or False: Did you loan him this much??
Do you have any sufishings.
Waterboarding won't work.
Some loan shark! You signed a note!
'yes, I am..... :( .......sharcula'!!!!!!! 'I knew it'.
I'd never kill a lawyer! That would be, like, fratricide.
I told ya! I didn't loan anybody anything!
I can't tell if it's Bruce or not. Like I, said, it was a feeding frenzy.
If you think I'm a ruthless shark wait till you meet my lawyer.
Yeah, that my dentist, but what's that got to do with me?
If you want me to co-operate I'm really going to have to insist on that water.
Yea, I've seen him swim by! What of it!
I could sure go for a lawyer right now.
Oh sure...blame it on the White Shark...
Yes, that's my client.
Oh, so you think all sharks know each other?
Tom the shark got arrested for eating people on the beaches of Redondo. The police arrested him and interrogated him and plead guilty to 1st degree murder.
You're going to need a bigger picture.
I told you, there's a lot of fish in the sea!
'Jaws??' Yeah, I seen him swimming around Provincetown, like he was Cod of the Walk. Had an obsession for boats, and that what's done 'im in.
Not my chum.
That couldn't have hurt anyone, I only keep it around for training porpoises.
I'm tellin' ya, I don't know anything about that loan!
Like I told the other guy, I *found* that surfboard.
Name's Orca. But he's no killer.
How many times do I have to tell you? I'm vegan.
Ya, that's me.
No, he wasn't there. I was a lone shark.
I gave her plenty of warning. I mean, how could she not hear the cello music!
I guess this means that house arrest is off the table?
I doubt your sketch artist's drawing of a triangle will hold up in court.
Looks like Charlie the Tuna. What of it?
Yeah, that's the guy that took my fins.
I thought she was 19! How was I supposed to know she was shark bait??
What, you think I'm the only land shark in Brooklyn?
Yes, yes, yes I said your idea looks great on paper but I'm NOT one of those sharks!
You read it! My brain's the size of a golf ball.
If the gill slit don't fit, you must acquit.
Go ahead and grill me.I'm not on that menu
Definitely not me.
He wanted to make soup out of my fin! What was I supposed to do?
Ok, Sharkie, you might be a Great White, but you ain't JAWS!
I want my lawyer, who, it just so happens, is also a shark.
I'm telling you I am not gonna take the bait.
I can’t tell. Can you move your hand just a liiiiiiitle bit closer?
Sneak attack? Who do you take me for....Donald Trump?
You know I can only give you a 'fish eyewitness' account.
I don’t need to see a photo, I already told you I don’t know anyone named 'Quint'.
Yeah, that's the one...that's the show that jumped me.
Florida? Sure, I’ve got a timeshare down there. Why do you ask?
What do you mean Goldman Sachs says I haven't worked there in nearly eight year?
I'm a shark, not a stool pigeon.
I don't get it - why do you keep showing me pictures of jets?
That's the guy. Name's Spielberg.
I'd say the blood spatter pattern suggests....LUNCH!
Do I need a lawyer? I AM a lawyer.
Yeah, I know him. Pretty tough customer. They call him the Hammerhead.
Never seen that person before! Never seen that person before! Never seen that person before!
never saw him, he was delicious
You're holding it in my blind spot, Officer.
I hope you know that i can't read
Yuck. I hate the taste of sunscreen.
No, officer, I've never been to that casino. Not all sharks are card sharks.
The swimmer filed a complaint. So what?
Law and Order SVU is over in studio B, guys...now let me get back to my contestants...
It's like I told you already - I needed a bigger boat.
How should I know? They all look the same when they fall into the tank.
The ocean? . . . .Yeah, I been there.
This is the worst school massacre I've ever seen.
You guys have more pictures of people with missing body parts than I do.
Well, he asked for it. He called me a lawyer.
You call that proof? That dorsal fin could be anybody's.
Don't look at me like that, those are perfectly reasonable terms for a 30-year fixed rate home loan.
I know my rights; I've got lots of lawyer friends.
Whitey knew the two detectives were just fishing for answers.
When that shark bites with his teeth babe, scarlet billows start to spread. But those ain't my scarlet billows.
I tell you he's a Jet, not a Shark!
Yeah, that's him. The wiseguy saw me, says, 'Looks like we'll need a smaller boat.' So I took a piece out of his stern.
Pictures of dead guys just make me hungry. Why don't you try water boarding?
It wasn't me. I'm just a pool shark.
That's not me! What? Do we all look the same to you guys?
Afternoon snack, last Tuesday.
I'm not falling for your good cod, bad cod routine.
I keep telling you; he tasted like chicken. That's all I know.
There's something fishy about your alibi
Come on, spit it out.
I didn't do anything wrong; I was just having lunch.
Can't read the large print, but the small print says I will not see water again.
Kinda looks like your mother.
Detective, that's just a bucket of chum.
You've got the wrong guy. I'm not a card shark.
Ok, if I'm NOT a mammal, why haven't I laid an egg in, like, 3 days?
You want an alibi? Check with my agent. I was on set shooting Shark Week.
That's my son and......my girlfriend!!!! What the HELL!?!?
His name is Charlie Tuna!!
Yeah, that's the guy from Coast Guard Beach that'claims' I took his leg off.
Yeah? Those could be anybody's teethmarks.
Can we take a break now guys? These handcuffs are starting to chafe.
I swear if I have to shred one more document I'm going to bite your cock off.
Do I like the kind of person who would rob a bank, officer?
How the heck would I know? Every striped bass looks the same to me...
I'm not saying another word until I talk to a lure.
Of course my alibi smells fishy.
You should be looking for a white whale.
I never met that chum
I already told you....I can't make a positive ID without a blood sample.
Yeah, that's my lawyer - why?
That is such a red herring!
Next you'll tell me I'm cold blooded.
I'm not that kind of loan shark.
Yeah, I recognize him. He always liked to bet on the Dolphins.
That's the Jet that killed Bernardo!
Yea, I gave him a loan , but I didn't kill em'.
Never seen da guy. Don't know any smuck Named ' Mack the Knife '
I'll take the court-appointed remora.
This National Geographic is dated 1968, give me a freakin' break.
I told you pretty teeth, pearly white.
Tell me he doesn't look just like a seal.
You two don't understand. I want you to put me back in the tank!
Yeah, I know Pamela; we filmed an episode of Bay Watch together.
Never seen her before, but you can open up my stomach and check.
It couldn't have been me, I'm a vegetarian!
Yeah, we worked together but we never got chummy.
So what, it was a no swim zone
I'm tired of you guys reeling me in here every time something fishy happens.
Sorry, I don't have my contacts in
So you've got a picture of me when I was by myself. That doesn't prove that I'm a loan shark.
Do YOU remember what you had for lunch last Thursday?
Yeah, that's the guy, MacHeath, they call him Mack.
You're just fishin' now.
Yes, that's him--that's Donald Trump
Which one of you is the 'good cop'?
cell phones are not allowed within the 3 mile limit,Mr. Great White!!!!!
Yeah, I'm sure that's not him. Don't you think I'd recognize my own breakfast?
I'm maybe a loan shark but I'm ain't stool pigeon.
Did he hear the theme music? Then I think we're done here.
Yeah, I know that guy. Tastes like chicken.
My lawyer is going to rip you guys apart for this.
It's not me, I was busy filming Sharknado that day, you can ask my agent.
I am tired of being your shredder.
May I have some salt water?
Never saw her before. I told you, I'm a LONE shark.
That miserable sponge--he owes me a hundred clams.
We weren't chums and that ain't my bucket.
I swear I've never seen that surfer before!
You are profiling us based on our bite marks!
Look, I may be a killer shark, but I'm no murderer.
Oooh, has our boy done somethin' rash?
Nope. That's Carl, but I guess we all look the same, don't we Detective?
I told you my name is Abe Vigoda.
So now what, you boys gonna lock me in the aquarium again?
Yeah, made with the tuna family, but I got nothing to do with them.
That's a dolphin, smart guy.
I swear I didn't bite him - I always take my dentures out at night.
What do you think I am? A perfect engine? An eating machine?
Never trust anyone.
I'm not answering any questions without my Koi-yer present.
Way too skinny for me, totally not my type. I like em’ with more meat on the bone. Know what I'm sayin’ captain?
So, if I talk before the giant squid, I get to swim, right?
That confession looks fishy to me!
That's him. Used to stalk a whale I knew. Now he's after me.
I've never even heard of Riff or Tony.
Yeah, that's me in Chatham last summer, what does that prove?
I Have Never Seen That Boat In My Life !
What are my chances of getting some water?
It is always hard questioning lawyers
Yeah, I ate that one, and he had a lot of fat!
It was the tuna, not me!
I never heard of no Mack the Knife.
Have you seen this movie!
Your left or my left?
Back off or I will shark up.
Yeah I took a bite of him, so what? Where I come from that ain't against the law pal!
Beats me. There are a lot of fish in the sea.
I knew I shouldn't have filled out that Shark Week consent form.
Predatory lending? Are you calling me a loan shark? I'm a respectable Wall Street hedge fund manager.
I've never seen that surf board before.
Yeh, I did it, but I thought he was my chum.
Go ahead, put me in a line up...what, more than one of us too scary for you? Whose the tough guy now
Your DNA has been linked to numerous seal deaths.
I want to speak to my scum sucking bottom feeder.
I got pieces of guys like you in my stool.'
They asked him if he was fishing around in the crime scene, but we see hes trying to think of somefin.
Yeah, I seen that chum truck. I see a lotta chum trucks.
Do you recognize this victim Jaws?
I tell you, I don't know any loansharks.
So? I was hungry!
Can you hurry this up? I'm late for Shark Week.
Yeah, that's Shorty - I'd know that piranha anywhere.
I signed up for Shark Tank, not CSI!
I don't even like seafood.
Was it this person? this person? this person? this person? For the last time is this the swimmer that tried to KISS you ?
Yeah, like I said before I was in a school at the time, couldn't have been me.
Don't tell me you lost that kid Nemo again.
Like I told you, I had no accomplice because I'm a lone shark.
All arms look alike to me.
Are you the criminal who killed the person on this picture?
I swear officer! I didn't know she was a pup!
He ain't my chum.
So, you think he could be swimming with the fishes?
Yeah, I seen him before...once.
Nice try, but I ain't taking the bait!
For the last time, when I said the bloke looked like me chum...
THAT'S A LOUSY LAST MEAL MENU.
It's a decent sketch, but his nose looked more like a sword.
Yeah, I lent them money, so bite me.
He can't be my partner in crime--I'm a lone shark.
You've been caught and your sharking business is over.
Don't grill me.
Of course, I recognize that picture. It's actually a still from a classic movie. Hello, anyone hear of Spielberg?
I told you. I don't know nobody named Mack the Knife.
We have to keep this moving for me to stay alive.
Why does my alibi sound fishy?
I've told you like a thousand times. We all look alike. That could be my cousin, brother, sister, I don't know. Can I leave now?
Shamu had it coming...
No, I told you I've never seen that fin before.
The left arm looks slightly familiar...
Isn't one of you supposed to be a good cop?
Yeah, that's Tony. He's a Jet.
Do I look like a lawyer to you pal?
Whatever, I'll be back in the seas in no time with the catch and release laws.
Why don't you ask the swordfish?
No, we did not fall for the bait this time.
Would you consider a little professional courtesy here?
People all look the same to me.
'Fess up. Did you take a big bite out of this corporation's profits?
Oh great, my eyes are closed.
So he's sleeping with the fishes. You aint gonna pin that on me, copper!
You do realize that you're talking to a lawyer, right?
I don't know, people all look the same to me.
Arthur Fonzarelli.
Yes, under his blonde comb-over he is only another shark!
It's times like these that I wish I had a little more backbone
By any chance, does good cop/bad cop refer to taste?
Tell us why you ate this innocent little girl' 'It wasn't on porpoise
He was a chum, so what?
I've never seen that license plate before in my life.
I guess 'sleeping with the fishes' means something very different where I come from.
No, I don't like your idea for a business!
I can't be sure, the diver was wearing a mask.
If Jaws was caught and was inspected by laws. 'Is this the person you ate?'
No, I asked for 'water, Mark.' Not a watermark.
Okay, I'll tell you who was in on the frenzy, but only if you drop the shylocking charges.
I think we may need to bring in a dolphin if we want to find anything out
I told ya, copper, 'That's not my handwriting.'
I already told you it was a fish. Stop showing me pictures of Steven Avery.
Listen, pal, don't you think I'd know if Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes?
Can you remember every piece of fish YOU ever ate?
I've told you - I would never bite a lawyer. Haven't you heard of professional courtesy?
I swear I didn't do it...I'm a loaner, not a killer.
Things went bad for him after we quit school to hang around the pool hall.
confess! did you bite the surfer?
You're going to need a bigger mugshot.
Sure, maybe he's okay and maybe he sleeps with the fishes.
Of course it looks fishy – I’m a fish!
Cop 1: Do you recognize this shark? Shark: Uhhh... no sir.
Yeah, yeah, it's a crime scene. You call that blood?
Clearly those aren't MY fingerprints!
Look, pal, I'm not your chum. But you could soon be mine.
Yeah I seen him - standin' in a bucket of cement.
Yep, she owned me money too
What is this? Good carp, bad carp?
I told you, I never loaned that guy a dime.
That's the one who jumped me.
My bad, I mistook him for Spielberg.
Never seen that tuna.
I prefer to call it 'shark-loaning'.
Like I told your partner, I've never even heard of a Hire purchase agreement
'But I thought that it's the ones you don't see that you have to worry about'.
I don't mind obeying the rest as long as I can skip No.6.
You've got it all wrong. She wasn't like the others. They'd all turn right, and she'd turn left. I'd never hurt her!
Yes, that's him - fame went to his hammerhead after his role in JAWS
Unless you want to end up like your chum, I suggest you talk.
You've got nothing on me, you're just fishing.
No. It was a left leg.
Not that one. Show me the other foot again.
Nope. Doesn't look like anyone I've eaten lately.
No , you were busted not for being a lone shark but a loan shark!
I'll have the Tuna.
So what? It's a candygram ... doesn't prove anything.
You got it all wrong!!! I'm a SAND Shark! You want the LAND Shark!
We many have chummed once or twice; he was never part of the gam.
I keep telling you that I got nothing on him. Jaws ain't real, man.
Yea, dat's him. I'd recognize that hammerhead anywhere.
That wasn't me. I'm a leg man!
It all happened so fast.
I'm tellin' 'ya, I don't know nobody named Charlie.
It was Mack the Knife!
Everyone always wants to blame the shark.
It was in international waters
Sorry, Great Whites all look the same to me.
Yeah I lent him some money, but those aren't my teeth marks.
Yeah he looks familiar ... but I eat little fish like him for breakfast.
I already told you..you seals all look alike to me.
I told you, his fin wasn't black
I can't take it anymore! I'm hungry.
Go ahead, keep on showin' me pictures of sharks! You think I know 'em? Like we're all related or something?
Fine. But I still say the Barracuda sideswiped the Stingray.
I ain't no stool pigeon.
I KEEP telling you!!That's a Shark!I'm a JET!!!
This would be a lot easier if you had a picture of his legs.
You wouldn't be keeping me here if i were a Great White.
I refuse to answer on the grounds it may incriminate me.
I was home, in the ocean, alone.
Okay, which presidential candidate do you want me to eat now?
Well, it may be the nuclear launch code, but it's not marked 'Classified.'
No, No..I swear, I've never seen that dolphin before !!
You can't bait me.
I'm telling you, officer. I haven't seen Katy Perry since the Superbowl.
Since when is it a crime to make someone your chum?
I swear, Officer Krupke, you've got the wrong shark.
I ain't no largemouth bass.
Did you or didn't you issue this underwater mortgage?
Yea - I 'lent' him the money, so what? Can I get that water now?
You got to believe me, I did'nt do it. I'm a vegetarian now.
Like I've told you before, all humans look alike to me.
I already told you guys. Thats a surfer. All I saw was seals.
Listen here sushi eaters - I ain't checking no sustainability list!
Making a Murderer Meets Shark Week - season premiere this fall!
I don't know. One mackerel looks like another to me.
I said, he said, 'Bite me.'
Know him? Why - I could smell his blood a quarter of a mile away!
Don't show me their heads, show me their feets.
I already told ya -- I've never seen your chum!
Do you recognize this great white shark?
'I had him for lunch yesterday can I see a dinner menu'?
I've never seen that leg before.
The evidence will show, those are not my fingerprints or bite marks.
Yes, that is the man who cut off my pectoral fins.
Never met the rat. Don went extinct before I ever cut my teeth in that sewer.
I'll tell you anything, just don't grill me!
Oh no. Not waterboarding. Anything but that.
I told ya I never seen that worm before!
Look man, I can't read music. Maybe it goes 'dum-dum dum-dum'?
I'm no swindler.
It does seem like something fishy is going on here... how long have you been looking for this Nemo character?
I told you already. He's sleeping with the fishes.
I'm sorry but that is not a complete Miranda warning.
I told you already, she lured me in.
I might have seen him before. Can you hold the picture closer?
Have you seen this man? he might have looked like a turtle from a distance .
We found your FIN-ger prints at the scene!
I'm not saying another word without my client present.
That's it, it was a blue Mustang.
The bikinis are all starting to look the same.
For the last time, Hooper, it was a boating accident.
I never was and never will be a loan shark!
You can't pump my stomach. I got my rights.
I've never seen that ravaged, masticated corpse before in my life.
I had him for dinner. Is there a question?
Never saw that ‘nado in my life.
Come on. Tell me you've got something more than a dorsal fin.
Please, can we bring in the scent artist?
Look dude, it's not MY fault that guy decided to go swimming where I live and eat. He looked like food, so I tried to eat him. Maybe next time he should try a pool. I hear they make them with waves now.
I'm not sure, they all taste like chicken.
He has such teeth, dear, and it shows them pearly white.
Not only WON'T I talk...I CAN'T talk.
I'm not good with faces, what did he taste like?
I need a break. Get me a glass of O Positive.
I've never seen those legs before in my life!
Sorry guys but I don't know anything about loan sharks.
OK! He has pretty, pearly white teeth. So what? We all do!
I don't know. They all taste alike to me.
Haven't seen her, and I never forget a tan line
I'll get the planton, extra salty.
So...it wasn't a buffet.
But there's nothing illegal about 100% interest rates.
Can I get some water?
He's just another fish in the sea
I’ll have the dolphin burger – rare, please – with a seaweed salad and a Bloody Mary.
That's not my writing and I'm not a loan shark.
I know you know this guy! Give me $20,000 for 30% of my company or I'm goin' with Mark Cuban.
It was an innocent swim between two consenting species.
I think you have grossly misunderstood what he meant by 'Tony now sleeps with the fishes'.
Don't bother, you all look alike to me.
No, that's not me.
Great smile, handsome, charming to all his clients.... of course we swam together, but after my humiliation and one too many trips to Starbucks, I flipped and finally had some Sashimi for myself.
I told you, I was away on business when that surfer disappeared.
Come on, this whole good-cop, bad-cop act has jumped the me.
How am I supposed to remember what I had for breakfast a month ago?
Sure I recognize him. I told him, 'Listen pal, don't come back or I'll eat your OTHER leg off.'
Yeah, I know that guy. But he's a reef shark not a loan shark.
I've told you. I have never seen that fin before.
Yeah, I might-a swam by her once, so what?
I've never seen that dick before.
I never went swimming with Kevin Spacey.
Yeah, I ate him. And I'd do it again!
Charging 17% interest on a personal loan. We've got a name for people like you.
...and I'm telling you I don't know any one-legged surfers.
I'm telling you, I'm a strict vegan.
He was a chum from my school days.
I admit I'd been drinking heavily, but I'm not a monster.
I've never seen that boat. Besides, it's is too small for my taste.
I admit I'd been drinking all day, but I'm not a monster.
I'm gonna need to see a swimsuit shot.
I SWARE I HAVE NEVER SEEN THAT FISH.
No, no! Ya got it wrong, I tell ya. You're lookin' for a card sharp, not a card shark!
Care to explain these selfies?
We have you cold on loan sharking!
They all look the same in a tide pool.
The guy you're looking for is Mack the Knife.
Nah, I don't do loans, I'm more in the pay back business.
I'll have the tuna salad.
That's legal in international waters.
But he was swimming outside the buoys.
Dude, this is is cruel. You lock a predator up and then show him pictures of food? Could I at least get a donut?
No, I've never seen that seal in my life.
I told you. I'm just a regular shark, not a loan shark
Grill me all you want, but I prefer to stew in my own juices.
I'll say it again, I ate dinner with her!
I ain't talkin' till I've eaten my lawyer.
It was a bait and switch!!
I take offense to fin profiling.
Take another look. His name is Charlie the Tuna.
No, I don't recognize that arm.
I can't recognize a WHOLE sea lion!
Will you get my cousin Vinnie on the phone? I need a lawyer.
I'm strictly on a Mediterranean Diet. That leg looks like it is from New Jersey.
Some fins just can not be explained.
Look, I know it's hard to believe, but not all sharks know each other.
Forget it, Bill, I ain't no ratfish.
Let's just say she's swimming with the fishes.
Don't chum the waters, detective.
That is not the guy I ate!
Whadda ya expect? I'm a shark, not a rat!
Nice try, Columbo. Everyone knows that was a robot.
I didn't get his name, but he tasted like chicken.
that's not the one, he doesn't even look tasty!
Have you seen this tuna?
This is just not my week.
Man, ever since Jaws came out, you guys always blame a shark if a severed arm washes up on shore...
Yeah, maybe. I'm not good with faces.
I only read Sharkese.
Yeah, we swim in the same circles.
That's not me, that's a dolphin!
Of course I know him, he's my financial advisor!
Do I look like a fool?
I told you before , I don't know anyone called Orca !
That's Hammerhead. The guy you want is, Saw.
Okay, who agreed to this loan?
He looked a lot tastier in person.
'I'm telling you, I don't know anyone named Charlie'.
So he's missing an arm, that doesn't prove anything.
It was all a red blur.
So what? That's what it takes to make the sea great again.
I may look like a shark, but I'm just one of the 'small fry.'
First, Sherlock, that surveillance photo is a hammerhead.
Yes, those are the surfers who attacked me.
That's Him! I was hanging around the pier deciding on what to eat and the next thing I know, this guys pointing a rod in my face and says something about spilling my guts. I thought I was going to dehydrate on the spot!
A subpoena for my dental records? Aren't they are protected under the Endangered Species Act?
Really? A sea level felony?
That wasn't me. Check my dental records.
'Am I the first catch of the day!?' And you talk about being done with racial profiling.
I'm innocent see, and I don't know nuthin 'bout no sharknado.
Its was the chef, he took my fins.
It's a common misconception, officer, but I'm a 'card shark,' not a 'card sharp.'
'Yeah, I'm a 'lone' shark. So what?
Yeah, I may have advanced him few bucks here and there.
Met her at the beach, last thing I remember is we were swimming, she was smiling at me and then I blacked out......
Yeah sure I seen him. He sleeps with the fishes.
'Sure I seen all dem seals , but I never touched em ! See , just cruised bye said how ya dowin? I bin framed , see ?
Goddamn dental records!
I never saw that leg in my life...urp
...you have a right to contact your ABA representative...
A liquidated claim is off the table. Need I remind you who ATE the accused?
I don't recognize any of them. I go by smell.
I demand to see my client.
I'm telling you, I never went near that school.
He was kind of rubbery. I blamed it on the wetsuit.
That couldn't be me...I was on vacation in Lake Michigan!
I know Flipper, I am him for dinner, so what!
I wasn't anywhere near that beach.
Looks nothing like my friend, Jaws, I tell ya.
Loan shark? Prove it!
So you found Nemo swimming with the fishes...
Could be Mac the Knife.
What did you expect, I'm a shark.
He wore a wire into the ocean. What did you expect?
You've got the wrong gang, pal. You want the Jets.
Mr. Trump said it's okay. She's married to a terrorist.
How many times do I gotta tell you? The gun's registered to my brother-in-law.
No, this guy was more barrel-chested; he had a gray beard, and the name on the boat was 'Pilar'
This never would've been an issue if I was a great white.
You guys from Manitowoc County just don't give up, do you?
Careful! I've been known eat 'bad cop'.
Sorry guys, but your sleep deprivation tactics aren't going to work on me.
No, I didn't bite that man. It's professional courtesy that we don't attack lawyers.
That's my old chum.
Aaaaa,,all you humans look alike
I tell you it was self defense. His surfboard slammed into me.
Are you baiting me?
It's not my Rx, I don't do steroids.
Your good-tasting cop, bad-tasting cop routine won't work on me.
True...but he was only a tiny minnow!
I only sign in blood.
That's him alright. Charlie the Troller
Way too much garlic in that guy!
What? You expect me to remember everyone I ate?
It's just a blurry picture of a fin. It could belong to anybody.
No, I don't need a lawyer. Can't you see that I *am* one.
That's him. Donald Trump. He's the guy who jumped me.
I was trying to take a bite out of crime.
I am not responsible for Sharknado!
I told you. Whitey done it.
Okay, I'll admit it: He left a bad taste in my mouth.
Sure, I knew him...but he isn't sleeping with this fish.
Are you telling me this isn't you swimming with the fishes?
I don't hang out with guppies. They're losers!
I've never seen that clown fish before in my life.
Harbor Seal, Gray Seal, Navy Seal...I'm telling you, they all look alike to me!
I don't care what kind of proof you might have, I am NOT a loan shark
That's a loan shark.....I've told you a hundred times I'm a lone shark
Just the leg.
I'm telling you that it was an accident. I was yawning, and my mouth was open.
What the hell is on Joey's head
Did you loan money to this man?
I never saw that guy before. By the way that must be an old picture, because, trust me, he was mostly fat.
This fishing expedition of yours is leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Yeah, he was swimming with us fishes; so what?
I told ya already, I don't know nobody called 'Mack the Knife'
Nope. I'm Vegan!
Is the business scalable?
Amity Island? Never seen it.
Yeah, that's him alright. He deserved it.
Based on the blood spatter, I'd say you're looking for a hammerhead.
I'd like to speak with my atuna.
I don't recall. They all just look like food to me.
Again, I did not, nor did I ever, deliver a candygram to Chevy Chase.
I don't always eat two people at once. But when I do, I start with the dude who shoved a typo-riddled report in my face.
Yeah I can read, kneehead. But I have the right to remain silent.
Yeah, I ate him. Now let me move forward or you're gonna have a dead shark on your hands.
I told you. It looked just like a seal to me.
Don't try the old 'seal cop' 'dolphin cop' routine on me.
That's right, no address. I move around a lot.
I keep telling you, that could be anybody's dorsal fin!
Like I said, Mack, that ain't my knife.
Yes, that's him, he was delicious. Now, can I see the dessert menu?
Where’s Cuban? You call this Shark Tank?!
I'm not answering anything without an attorney and a bucket of chum.
I can't help ya. All them damn hammerheads look alike to me.
Yeah Krupke, dat’s him! Dat’s da Jet what done it! I seen him by da school.
I didn't know he was jail bait.
The leg is familiar.
Dunno... You got a blood sample?
Maybe if you held you fingers under there and wiggled them like legs.
I swear, I've never seen that pair of legs before in my life.
Right to counsel - ha! Wait till you see my lawyer.
I did NOT eat that swimmer!
You can tell Surfer Boy I'll be countersuing for splinters.
Go ahead...knock my teeth out. I got another set.
I'll answer your questions as soon as I get some water.
Don't know, all feet look alike to me.
Poor Brendan Dassey of the shark world never stood a chance.
Don't like how you're spelling lone shark
I'm color blind but I still see race.
Attorney.
Yeah. That's the guy - I mean - sea lion......
No way I did that. I am a vegetarian!
OK you got me, I was hungry!
I don't know, I eat a lot of fish.
Said it before and I'll say it again, fellas: I was in Pittsburgh at the time, and I max out on sniffing blood at a quarter mile away.
Mr. Wonderful? I've never met him. That's a different kind of tank.
I told you already, that's not me, it's my twin brother, Bruce.
Okay, so I wasn't that great.
Look, I thought I had signed a Non-disclosure Agreement, not a 'Don't Eat Everyone In Your Department Agreement'
Do you recognize this bloody stump?
That guy definitely ain't swimming with the fishes.
I told you to stick to dolphins.
I've had enough of this fishing expedition!'
Tony the Hammerhead? Yeah, I know him.
Aren't there laws against phylum profiling?
How do I know ? It looks like any leg to me.
That guy left a bad taste in my mouth.
That one tasted like chicken too!
I've never been to that school.
That’s him- the Kintner boy. You wanna cut me open and see if he spills out all over the dock?
My client signed that indemnification waiver voluntarily.
I know my rights. Don't I look like a lawyer?
I told you guys already, that's not my handwriting!
You're fishing and you know it.
Holy mackerel you guys, I keep telling you I just saw the legs.
I'm not sure to me all sharks look alike.
We know you did it! You past her swimsuit this morning.
I'm just a dolphin with teeth. Never hurt a soul in my life.
Alright, lawyer time!
Here's your assignment. Don't mess it up this time, and easy on the travel expense account.
I would like to order something off of the sushi menu.
Well, it looks like a sea lion to me.
Let's just move past the statement; I'm dying here.
To be honest you all look alike to me.
Yeah, we chummed around together.
Now that's a jaw dropper!
I told you, the guy that jumped me wore his hair like James Dean and a leather, biker jacket. Oh, and cried 'Ayyy...' mid-jump.
That's the guy! I'd recognise those board shorts anywhere.
I told you...I couldn't stop moving long enough to get a good look!
I want the Miranda rights not the Herman Melville book review.
So I smoked him. Can me.
Yeah, that's him. I'd recognize that leg anywhere.
How do you expect me to recognize a leg!
Loose lips sink ships, copper, and sharks have no lips.
Look ! I'm a Loan Shark, not a RAT !!
This guy's riddled with bullets! I may be a killer but that ain't my M.O.
These are your teeth marks at the bottom of this loan sheet, are they not?
I'm tired of doing you guys' dirty work for you!
Maybe I ate him, but you are only focusing on me to displace a multitude fears generated by the conflicts inherent to late capitalism.
Yeah... that could be her. Could you show me an artist's rendition of her screaming and paddling for shore?
Could you guys waterboard me again?
I don't care if you send me back to the tank, I'm not taking the bait.
Kinda looks like him but all guys kinda look the same buddy
I keep telling ya, all tuna look alike to me
You got me!! This WAS no boating accident!
It was a bad investment, I'm sorry!
Word on the street is that you sharked up a list of lawless resolutes. Is this it?
That's a seriously ugly hard-to-forget comb-over. Still, I need to see him in a speedo.
That's him, the lawyer!
You say victim, I say main course...
Give me one good reason why I would kill my own accountant.
Since when is it a crime to be a lone shark?
Does the name Paul Newman ring a bell?
What can I say? I don't really like sushi.
Yeah, I know that dolphin, but she told me she was a porpoise.
So he's swimming with the fishes. What's the problem?
Sorry, I can't see without my reading glasses.
Why would I kill him, he made good on his bet?
It's like I told you, officer. I didn't see his face. He was wearing a mask.
So I've been tagged -- talk to NOAA about it.
Charlie the Tuna? Never heard of the fish.
Could you move your hand, er, the picture in a little closer?
Holy mackerel -- it's the Codfather
The one next to Katy Perry? Maybe I know him, maybe I don't. What's it to you?
Check with SeaWorld!
That surfboard does NOT look familiar
I keep telling you, I am a Vegan!
**SPOILER ALERT** I'm a shark.
Fine, I admit it. That's me Donald Trump is jumping over in the photo.
I guess this just isn't my week.
If you give up your remora we can cut you a deal
I'm not answering any more questions, until I see my lawyer. You think I'M a shark. just wait!
These loan sharks are tough.
Yes, I ate the sheriff but I did not eat the deputy!
You'll have to read me my rights.
The ocean gets its saltiness from tears of misunderstood sharks
I want an attorney. Or at least someone from Greenpeace.
That guy is no chum of mine!
Yeah, well, he didn’t taste so good.
Candygram? I don't know what your talking about. I'm a dolphin!
No, I won't talk! I won't even emit low-frequency squawks!
Yeah I remember him. He wasn't a good surfer and he tasted like a vegan.
All sharks look the same to you, don't they?
I keep telling you I never saw the yacht that hit me...
Do all sharks look the same to you?
No I haven't seen that arm, I'm strictly a leg man.
He was tasty!
Good cod, bad cod.., listen hear fellas, I'm pleadin' the fin amendment!
So what? Those board shorts could belong to anyone.
Like I said, food.
What, is it a crime to take a selfie!? I did my best with the fin I have.
I'll say it again. No, I'm not a card shark. That is not my card. I've never seen it before in my life.
Not my teeth . .
Yes,they are all sleeping with the fishes.
I recognize him, but I wouldn't use the word 'chum.'
Never seen the lady. I'd remember those legs.
those could have been made by a hammerhead
Yeah.... I knew that there was blood in the water.... but I was miles away I tell ya!
That does not look like a tuna!
Yeah, that's the guy. Old Macheith, babe.
Who, me? No, I'm just the sophisticated spokes-tuna for a much larger outfit.
Give it to the guy under the table, I'm just his puppet.
They're the ones who named their show Shark Tank.
Yeah I knew the guy, left a bad taste in my mouth.
That's not me--it's my twin brother.
Hath not a shark teeth?
It looks like him, but he was wearing a blue snorkel.
Okay, okay, it was Cousteau! Now get me into witness protection!
Bu-r-r-r-r-r-p-p ... Nope, never saw 'em ... !
could you be more pacific.
Dude. I was just pulling his leg, broah.
Take a good look! You know him - you ate Charlie the Tuna for for dinner last week!
Oh, you don't recognize this arm, is that what you're telling us?
Yes, that's him. Now can I please get some water?
I will ask you one more time do you recognize your dental records.
I'll tell you everything, if it keeps me out of the tank.
I keep tellin' ya, I didn't kill no stinking flounder.
Yeah, I killed him and, no, I don't feel any remoras.
I'm pleading the fish and no, I've never seen that IOU before.
Look pal, you can't expect me to remember every chum I had for dinner.
I told you, I've never heard of this Nemo
Not THAT Richard Dreyfuss.
For goodness sake, do you recognize this Sea World trainer, yes or no?!
Yeah, I know da bum. That lay about is Charlie the Tuna's grandson.
...and quit saying, 'That's a fish story.' For the 100th time, I'm a mammal!
Come on Tony, when your a Jet your a Jet all the way.
Yeah, I gave him a loan. So what?
I don't know. It all happened so fast.
NO! I did not take the bite out of crime. That was the dog.
Yep...that's me in Sharknado 3...so what !
If you are innocent then what is the victim's DNA doing in your poop?
Enough chumming, ok? I'll bite.
You've been watching too many movies.
That eye witness account looks fishy to me
I may have seen him back in school, but this guy's teeth are pearly white
Well the shoes look familiar.
I'd lawyer UP, but I need to get back under water.'
Nice try, Officer, but I'm not biting.
What's it look like to you, chum?
Do you recognize this phony Stradivarius ?
Sure, I did it, but she was trespassing in my property.
The last time I saw him he was swimming with the fishes!
Lawyer? I need someone from Marine Salvage!
Nice try copper, but you can't cuff me and you know it.
Yes! that was my dinner
You loan sharks don't scare me
I'm telling you, there are no loans - I bite kneecaps for fun.
Of course I ate him! You expect me to resist a hundred million years of evolution?!
Sure I recognize him, he was my chum.
I don't know a Sheriff Brody
Could you bring that little closer?
Shark is enver to be grilled.
Yeah, I knew him. He was my chum.
I prefer a green salad wit olives and tomatoes myself.
I've answered all of your questions, and now I'm getting kinda hungry. I want a lawyer.
So what if those're my teeth marks? If some dude burst into your house in just a speedo, you'd probably bite him, too...
Where's my lawyer, you pigs?
I can't say that I'd recognize him but I can tell you how he tasted.
For the last time I didn't do that - I'm a lone shark, not a loan shark
Big deal! Who doesn't sleep with the fishes?
I haven't seen that hammerhead in years.
No! No! I said I'm a 'LONE' shark!
I can't recognize him All Orcas look alike
Yeah I saw her, but she wasn't my type.
I never saw that lifeboat in my life!
It's not a crime for my species to charge 12% interest.
Yeah, dat was de porpoisetrator.
Yeah, I saw him outside the school yesterday.
I'm not your guy. I don't do loans.
Are you the good tasting cop or the bad tasting cop?
No, the guy had a bigger boat.
It couldn't have been me. I was sleeping!
Yea, that tuna's the one- he's the loan shark!
Stop grilling me.
Him? He sleeps with the fishes.
Well, duh…of course it was cold blooded.
Forget Miranda, read me my Peta rights
Yep--that's the bastard that jumped me.
Nope, not him O I mean her...to skinny
Look, you can see I'm an attorney. You don't have to keep showing me my rights.
Yeh, I remember him, and they thought he would be 'just sleeping with the fishes.'
Scott? We knew him as breakfast.
Sure I remember him. Blood type A.
Can't be sure it's him with all those missing teeth.
Get this straight- I'm not a rat!
Yeah....I know him! He's doing time at Sea World.
I tell you, it was that remora. He set me up.
Can you identify this as the republican candidate that jumped you most recently?
I told you it's the left leg!
Yup. That's him. 'Mr. Wonderful.'
So, you found a torn bathing suit? I told you, I only ate the surfboard.
No he not the one that attacked me.
As I said, that's NOT my aunt Matilda!
I was framed by the dolphin!
For the last time, I'm Right Shark.
That's clearly the work of a chainsaw.
What part of me being a 'life-long vegetarian' do you guys not get?
Is this the card shark you lost a fin to?
...or you won't swim with the fishes.
No, never seen him. I keep telling you, I'm a lone shark, not a loan shark.
YOU try keepin' 1,000 feet away from a school at all times down there.
There's no way you can make me sign that.
Okay, I'll talk....but nobody will believe you.
Guy washes up on shore, bitten in two so you just assume a shark must've done it.
No, but I ate his wife.
Don't know the face but the leg looks familiar.
Like I told you before, the only time I ever saw that Robert Shaw guy was in From Russia With Love.
Yeah, I've seen him. That's the water skiing greaser who jumped me.
So we were in the same school...is that a crime?
Hey, do I look like a stool pigeon to you?
It was 'Shark Week,' can you blame me?
All I'm sayin' is the idiot jumped. Then I don't remember.
I told you, you can trust me!
Yup,I ate him.Watch your hand!
Looks fishy to me too.
Shylock, you said? I don't think so.
Go ahead officer. I am a lawyer.
Sorry Charley, you got the wrong fish!
Looks juicy enough! Where can I find that swimmer?
It wasn't me! It was Jaws! I was framed!
For the last time, I've never even watched the Discovery Channel.
Bite me !!
I ain't no spotted ratfish.
I'm innocent! Fonzie is the one who jumped me.
Him, I ate back in '09, and you won't find the remains, he's pushing up kelp off of Montauk, sleeping with the fishes.
So what if those are my bite marks? It was shark week.
So? A guy's gotta eat.
You want me to I.D. a face? Show me some legs or arms.
I was set up. MacHeath made it look like I did it.
You got it all wrong - I'm just one of the minnows.
Yeah, I bit the Sherrif, but I didn't bite the Deputy.
I've never tasted that surfer before in my life!
I knew in the tank!
He never swam with me.
OK, I'll sign the confession, but you have to waterboard me one more time first.
It's a Jaws dropper
You're not going to get anyone out of me, copper.
What about my marine-da rights?
Yeah, that's my belt...so what?
For the last time, no, I do not recognize that leg.
I haven't seen Bernardo since the '50's.
Again, this one is the surfer, the other the seal. I only ever bit the seal.
For the last time, a picture of me with Ian Ziering in no way proves that I directed Sharknado.
What do other lawyers say?
No hablo Ingles
I ain't taking the bait.
That's Lenny. He's the top of the food chain.
Looks like a bottom feeder to me.
I swear, Officer Krupke, you must be mistaken!
you've got the wrong shark, I've never seen that leg before!
Sorry--not my toothprints!
Just how can I hand something like that to FINRA?
Yeah, I recognize him. He was into me for fifty large. But I didn't kill him.
Yeah, I know the guy - He tasted like chicken
No chum of mine . How many times do I need to tell ya ?
Those aren't my teeth marks and, anyway, leg isn't my thing.
Yeah that's him agent, he stole my lunch!
You know we fast during Shark Week.
But Officer, my name is Melinda, not Miranda...
And here is another seal that has gone missing.
I told you, I don't have a partner. I'm more of a lone shark.
Never seen her before.
That's a dolphin fin. I told you I was nowhere near the beach.
It's a loan. It's what I do.
I've never eaten him before in my life
I asked for my last meal to be boneless, gluten-free,vegan, grass-fed, free-range, and low-cal. But not skinless!
No! I didn't make that loan.
That can't be him. The guy I saw looked TERRIFIED.
How should I know? They all look the same from the waist up!
It was mechanical. It was just a movie fellas.
You're making me hungry.
I'm an attorney. I know my rights!
You can't prove that's me. I never heard of Amity.
And you're saying those are my FINGER prints on the gun? I call the rights to the Netflix series.
He didn't look like that before I ate him.
'Ok! So you found his legs. But those aren't my tooth marks.'
OK...You're right...My name is Card Shark and that's my brother, Loan.
I'm getting really sick of practicing with sock puppets.
Do you have some blood of his I could smell?
Clearly not the smart one here...or you're a lefty.
Yeah I ate him. Every damn time I saw him he did that 'duh-duh... duh-duh' Jaws theme!
Hey Sherlock, you do realize that I can't see a thing when you hold that directly in front of my snout, right?
Dude, you all taste A like to me!
Recognize this krill?
I told you! I was trying to eat the surfboard and not the surfer.
Hey, she looked like a seal.
I could tell you what he smelled like.
You got nothing on him, you're just fishing again
Sorry Bub, never heard of 'Charlie the Tuna'
I have no idea how old he is.
Yeah, I seen him in the neighborhood, sleeping with the fishes.
Doesn't ring a bell. Can I go? I don't have all week.
He'd come around when there was blood in the water, but then again who didn't?
I've never seen that delicious meal...oops, I mean that guy...in my life.
Look, I’m not saying anything without my attorney and the SPCA present.
You think I did it because I'm great? And white?
You're going to need a bigger scapegoat.
Wow,is that Spielberg?He got old!
I already told you, I stick to white-belly crime.
Look, fellas. Shark bait's one thing. But jailbait? What do I look like—an animal?
I know my rights. I'm an attorney.
Your problem is you guys have seen too many movies.
I don't recognize him, but then I only had his leg
I have never seen that surfer in my life, I swear!
Not gonna happen boys. I ain't no fin-k
Well, they should have had a bigger boat.
Could be him, or could be a seal, I can never tell.
I'm vintage Shark..need my glasses
Jim, I don't think he's going to talk.
Never seen her. I told you I am a MAN-eater.
Recognize him? Stop acting like a fish out of water.
Nice try, but I'm not biting.
I plead the fish!
OK, I've read the charges. Now BRING ME MY CLIENT!
That could be any shark. I'm not the only one who likes eating people.
That's not me. It's the Donald.
I didn't know I was illegally swimming on 42nd Street.
Tell the truth did you kinda see , but still eat this man?
I may be out of my element here, but that is definitely Sinatra!
YES!!! I saw 'Making a Murderer', but you still don't scare me!
Is 'up the river' salt water?
No, that's not him, I ate a blonde.
I've never eaten anybody like that dude.
I've turned vegan since then.
My God, my confession has been salted!
It's hard to say without tasting him.
What feeding frenzy? I was home watching Better Call Saul.
I keep telling ya, I didn't see his face. Just his legs and torso.
There's something fishy about your story.
Yes, and we made some Mary McFinn soup..!
Yea, I texted her about a 'candy gram,' but I hardly think that allows you to hold me on suspicion of murder.
I'd have to see him without his goggles.
It's a boating accident, I tells ya!
Alright, chum, I'll tell ya what I know.
Those aren't my bite marks
Are you out of your mind?
She's wearing neoprene., I don't do neoprene.
Yes I do recognize it but how was I expected to know it was your rubber ducky.
Lending at 10% a week doesn't make me a shark
That X-ray doesn't prove anything!
Ah... I see we're playing 'good carp, bad carp.'
I will not identify any meals without my lawyer present.
I don't remember when I ate him, but it looks like Robert Shaw.
You're in deep water this time, sea.
Mack the Knife
Look, all I saw was a silhouette.
Yeah, I might have been chummy with that tuna...
Yeah, he was one of my chums
Perhaps *this* will refresh your memory.
I didn't break in, a tornado dropped me in that swimming pool.
It's not first-degree if you're hungry.
Idiot, I said, 'Lone Shark.'
I confess that my loans have not been above water.
That was a hot lunch
I never signed that confession!
Yeah I know him, an old chum of mine.
You've got the wrong guy. I'm Al Sharkton.
Let's just say he's not swimmin with the fishes.
I ain't no rat.
Come on! Admit it! This is the guy you ate.
I haven't fully digested what happened out there.
I'll have the herb-crusted cod
Yeah it's Mark Cuban, he gave me gas!
He looked like a seal on that surfboard!
Oh, sure, like *I'm* going to fall for the old 'bait and switch...'
Yes, that looks familiar, but my lawyer would question your jurisdiction.
Looks like a Dolphinado to me.
I'm not talking without my client present.
I've never been to the Ease Coast.
I'm not saying one more word until I see my pilot fish.
The food chain ain't about justice.
These octopuses all look the same to me.
Can we move on to the cheek swab?
Alright, alright, you've caught me.
Give me a break! You can't call that loan usurious.
Can I borrow your glasses?
I want my lawyer right now!
He's a liar, too. I don't even play cards.
I have the tuna on rye, no tomato.
You can't prove a thing without at least 50% of a body.
I'm not lying. He did say 'seize and dissect'.
C'mon man... I did'nt do that. I said he was 'a' chum.
Gee whiz! I'm just handing you a letter. So don't bit my head off!
Yeah, he was an old chum of mine.
I don't care! There's no sea jail!
Is that a menu? cuz I had that yesterday.
Like I keep tellin' ya, I'm a stock broker not a card shark.
I'm a smiley shark. I don't do mean things...I'm telling you.
We have to listen to Mr. Trump. You are under arrest for giving your gun back to the shop.
Yeah, that's the guy who was after my fin. Thankfully, the Soup Nazi intervened and took the guy out with his ladle. My hero's parting words were 'No soup for you!'
I've never seen that guy before...besides, how could I possibly have the time to swim all the way to the Great Barrier Reef and be home in time for dinner?
Again! I never saw that surf board in the 9th ward.
Dou you remember every
Stop circling around the subject !
I have never seen this John Dory guy in my life.
So, you're saying she was jail bait???
Sorry pal, it's not me. I'm a vegetarian.
I'm no snitch, I'm a shark !
Sharks can't read, you idiot!
Is this the person you ate?dmwhite
Why would I know anything about cement blocks with shoes stuck in them?
Yeah? Well let me tell YOU a thing or two about habeas corpus!
If the bite don't fit, you must acquit
Lookadiss, and tell me again how you don't like anchovies.
I said I was a land shark, not a loan shark.
Sure, I knew The Minnow. He used to hang around at The Reef.
Yeah, I loaned him some money, but at a very reasonable rate.
I told you I'm a Mark!' 'Lol no, you're totally a Laurie.' 'Rofl, Laurie.
I bet you can't remember where you ate lunch last week either.
Yeah, that's the guy, he was delicious.
Yes, it is 'lent' money; I'm very familiar with it.
Am I the only one who feels like we're swimming in circles?
Making a couple of loans doesn't make me a killer.
You've made a terrible mistake ... I'm the attorney.
There's something fishy going on in here.
Don't ask the lawyer, ask my client
I want to talk to my lawboster!
He had a bigger boat.
Yeah, he was the crabby guy at the Sand Bar.
I'd need a taste to be sure.
You're all wrong. I haven't got it in me.'
I'll have the sushi.
No, I don't think 25% daily interest is loan sharking.
All I'm saying is, 'shark fin soup' isn't a phrase I take lightly.
I dunno. Mighta run into him. What's he taste like?
Yes, that is the lawyer that tried to intimidate me.
Unless you're with the Coast Guard, I ain't sayin' nothin'.
You guys can play good carp bad carp all you want, I didn't see anything.
Yes, this is a restraining order from the Shark Tank producers. Cuban, O'Leary and the rest of the 'sharks' have no idea who you are and you are just a little too creepy.
Yeah, he's a loan shark from Miami Beach...
I keep telling you, I don't know anyone named Jaws
Yeah, he came to me for a loan once. But I swear, his shoes were leather last time I saw him.
I'm terrible with faces. Do you have any pictures of arms and legs?
Yes, that's me, but I'm guessin' he said 'SHARP-shooter', with a 'P'.
Yeah, I saw him. He should've gotten a bigger boat.
Sure, it could be the victim. It could be a seal. I can't tell the difference.
I keep telling you, my memory is a little fishy.
They should have had a bigger boat.
Ok...so maybe I did take a bite out of that surfer, but I have affluenza!
He was way too salty.
What do I know - I'm just a fish out of water
Mark Cuban? Never heard of the guy!
He tasted terrible! ... I mean, I've never seen the guy before!
Yes that's him, he swims with the sharks, Donald Trump.
For the last time, the signature on that loan isn't mine!
Hey, self-defense, OK? They were trying to take my fins.
Mr. Mako, do you realize that you’re not allowed to go over 50 mph during the nighttime?
If you don't stop grilling me, I'm pleading the fish.
I don't see what me being a great white supremacist has to do with any of this.
Yeah, that's the tuna. He confessed to me in the net.
I confess. He was two payments late so I ate him.
How should I know? I only saw him from the head down.
A surfer you say? No, never seen that guy!
No, that lawyer is not my brother.
Ok, now you're just fishing.
Go ahead! Say it! We all look the same to you!
I suppose now you plan to grill me.
Sure I know him, he lives in a pineapple under the sea.
Hey, I'm a shark! This is what I do for a living.
IT SAY'S 'HE'S A SHARK'
It was self defense; he said he was Mack The Knife.
I'm a sand shark. That's a pool shark.
I already told you! He's swimming with the fishes!
Well, from my angle he looked like a seal!
One fish two fish red fish blue fish...are you gonna make me do the whole thing?
If I say anything, I'll be in really deep water. You have to throw me a line here!
What, you think I'm some kinda card shark?
I'm the one that's swimming with the fishes!
I keep trying to tell ya: that guy's fresh water, I'm salt water.
I'm signing nothing until I speak with my Shark.
I'd bottom-feed before I would eat that one.
I Can't Read Cursive Writing
I will never return to Manitowoc County.
I've never slept with THOSE fishes!
He's sleeping with the fishes.
Look, I feel for 'Blackfish' and all... but you can't just dump those things where my kids play.
No, I don't recognize that little boat.
That's him. They call him Mr. Wonderful
Your fin-gerprints are all over it!
The court-appointed attorney — can I have that to go?
Okay, I'll confess -- but you're gonna hafta waterboard me like my life depended on it.
No I have never seen those feet before in my life. Nor that arm.
My eyesight ain't so great. Got a scratch and sniff?
After the SNL gig ended, I was desperate.
I really couldn't say,,I never saw his face
You want to take this to the water officer.
Loan shark? I'm a dolphin!
Western Union.
I dunno. You humans all look the same to me.
I've never been on 'Saturday Night Live.' That's not me!
I have the right to have a bottom feeder present.
Is this for a coloring contest?
I ain't no Flipper.
Playing good cod, bad cod won't work on me.
I can't even tell the difference between a surfer and a seal and you want me to make a positive I.D.?
I told you already, I was just pulling his leg.
It looks like a seal. I told you, everything looks like a seal.
You sure Shark bait was the guy who bit you
I've never seen that surfer before
I am really starting to regret this trip to Manitowoc County.
I don't recognize any of those body parts.
What do you got against 'sleeping with the fishes?'
I already told you, 'E F P T O Z ... '
The sucker didn't pay up. So yeah, I put the bite on him.
Yeah, I know him. We were in school together.
How should I know if it's him? Youz guys all look the same from the trunks down.
The last time I saw him was in the shark tank.
I agree.....this whole thing feels fishy.
You sure you were just minding you own business and THIS guy came out the water and bit you?
Where I'm from, welch on your loan and there's good chance you're gonna end up with buoy around your neck in a Jersey landfill.
How many times I gotta tell you guys? I'm salt water, I dunno anything about those Lake Trout.
How would I know? All dolphins look the same.
I swear he was already sleeping when he joined us.
I know we look alike, but I promise we're not related.
I don't like this 'Good carp, bad carp' routine.
So he's missing a leg - what's that got to do with me?
Look how many times can I tell you, I don't know this Spielberg guy and I've never met any Captain Quint
It was not a bait and switch
He wouldn't shut up about the U.S.S. Indianapolis.
You won't get a nibble out of me
I'm telling you, it was a bigger boat.
I told you, you can't bait me into saying anything. I know my rights.
I thought 'the right to an attorney' meant as food.
Alright, no more fishy business.
A little closer please.
Yeah, he came down, he fell asleep. So what?
His shirt said 'bite me.' Maybe he needs to learn to do irony more effectively.
It's not a loan. It's a debenture.
Yeah, that's me hangin' around that school. Which one of those herrings squealed?
Yeah, he wuz my chum...so what?
I only confessed for the halibut
Like I said, I thought he was a manatee. Look at the gut on him!
Maybe, maybe not. Ya meet a lot of skirts at a feeding frenzy.
No, that's a hammerhead. Do I look like a hammerhead to you, flatfoot?
Candygram?
Yeah, he's the one who jumped me. I'd recognize that jacket anywhere.
I'm gonna need to speak to my lawyer, officer... Yeah, he is Jewish, what does that matter?
I swallowed him in self defense.
You could at least offer me a cup of coffee first.
Word on the street says it was a jet, all the way.
Is this your homework Larry?
Looks like a seal. The last one looked like a seal. They ALL look like seals when I'm hungry.
I've been framed, I tell ya!' I swear it was the Killer Whale!
Never smelled him.
Look, I've already told you a thousand times, I had nothing to do with the making of 'Jaws 3D'.
Yep, that's definitely the guy who jumped me.
Last I saw him, he was sleeping with the fishes.
I only read sonar, stupid.
Nope. Dolphin.
There was a sexy mermaid, a middle aged writer and a peach. I dared to eat the peach. I never touched the girl.
Yeah, I recognize him. Steve something. Said he was gonna make me a movie star, but then I never heard back from the bum. What'd he do, kill somebody?
' I never ate him before in my life..!' Submitted by Neil L. Sachs Monmouth Junction, New Jersey
I didn't do it. That's not my blood type.
Like I said, it was self-defense.
Yeah! That's him! And he swore my name would be above the title!'
Yeah, I had him on the hook for some dough, so what?
It wasn't me, just ask any marine biologist - I'm a warm-blooded killer.
You think those kids out there like watching a shark interrogation?
is this the hand you played five finger poker with at the casino?
Maria?
The Shark Lives Matter movement isn't going to be very happy about this.
Loan shark? Me? That's just species profiling!
I'm a fish, not a fink.
I'm not gonna talk without my attorney present, and by the way...no I don't know what you call 100 dead lawyers at the bottom of an ocean.
Sure--I recognize him. We were in a school together.
What do you mean, 'fishy'?
So I told him he'd swim with the fishes. It doesn't prove a thing!
Nope, that's not the guy who jumped me.
I have no idea who - just another hairless beach ape.
'That dead eel? Never seen him, i'm a lawyer ya know and ya better back off!'
All hulls look alike to me!
We just all look the same to you don't we.
Yah. That's him. Black leather jacket. Sunglasses. I think they said his name was Fonzi.
Omaha? July, 2014? You guys are nuts!
You know as well as I do that it would never have happened if I was still allowed within 500 feet of a school.
I did not have sexual relations with that dolphin!
i don't know nothin' about no Louie Miller or Lucy Brown or Jenny Diver.
Hey, I've never been anywhere near Amity Island.
It says here your last employment was Candygram delivery- tell us more about that...
Him? He hasn't got a leg to stand on.
Miranda ? I think I had her for lunch a while back.
I think this is just a red herring
You're saying you didn't approve these loans?
I never got a good look at him. The guy jumped me, then faded out of the limelight.
This is a clear case of dorsal profiling.
I want my shark.
I'm not talking until I get a fat, juicy lawyer.
You're going to need a bigger pad.
Miranda? I thought that was last week's lunch.
This man...ihmm no thanks. I just had my lunch
For the 10th time, I ain't telling ya nothin', and by the way, you might wanna give 'the Hair Club for Men' a call.
Ok , that is me stalking Bobby Darin in 1959.
Him? Hell, yes, I remember! I mean, who's gonna forget t'ree days of heartburn and gas?
' Have you ever seen this arm before'?
Yeah...lemme call Netflix...
Let me get this straight--I take care of this clown fish, and you forget about the parking tickets?
We DO have your dental records here.
Yeah - I recognize him: he's the King of Spades
Sorry, can't help you. I've chummed around with lots of guys who look like him.
Yeah, I knew him. Ok, I ate him.
No, that's not it. He ranted something bizarrely incongruous about 'opposing Shari law' before he jumped me.
Yeah I did it...I did it on porpoise!
Can YOU remember what you had for dinner 3 days ago?
Who's this? Did I eat him?
You know I'm not a mammal, right? I am literally a fish out of water.
He teased me, called me a minnow, so I ate his leg. Is that so wrong?
I was at a feeding frenzy at least ten miles from there.
'His name was Spielberg. Ring any bells now?' (Ed.: the word 'now' should be italicized.)
Officers, I can't help but feel this fishing expedition is developing into some kind of investigation.
Hey, she said she was into biting.
That is DEFINATELY not on of my victims, officer !
I know I'm a shark, but I've always wanted to be a Jet.
This 'sleeps with the fishes' is getting old.
I'll NEVER forget those legs.
He never paid me; tasted like chicken.
Yeah, he owed me a few clams and I had to use some mussel.
I ain't a rat, detective.
Look what you did to Mr. Wonderful
I already told ya. I never saw that guy before, I didn't bite him, and he hit me first.
Yeah, I recognize that. It's the promissory note signed by the prospective borrower. What's the crime in that ?
Yeah. Dat's de one. Dey call him 'Fonzie.' He's de one dat jumped me foist.
I tell ya, I never saw the guy. He jumped me and then dropped out of the limelight.
So tell me how I could have pulled a trigger
Wrong shark, dude. That's a Great White and I'm a Mako.
I tell ya, I've never seen that torso before!
That's him. 'Mr. Wonderful' he's not!'
that's the sweet and sour dude
Is that supposed to send me into some sort of frenzy?
All it says is 'Lend me a fin!'
That orca's full of seaweed! I've never seen that squid before.
Sorry, but I'll only talk to Megyn Kelly.
How many times do I have to tell you the water was murky that day?
Go ahead waterboard me
I was never involved in the loaning money.
Yeah, Quint and me had our differences. But the day he disappeared I was with the Gray seals in Chatham. Just ask any of 'em.
I know, I know if the bite radius doesn't fit you must acquit but do you really want us to ignore all the other evidence including this picture from the seal-cam?
No, I said it was a grizzly, not a black bear that attacked my legacy as the scariest animal ever to appear on the big screen.
I caught him sleeping with the fishes.
You think you can jump me? Fuggetaboutit!
Guys, she was on a line with a hook. Can say entrapment?
Thats right, it was a Red Herring!
It's upside down.
What happens in Shark Week stays in Shark Week.
So? We all look the same underwater.
I'm an accessory to the crime? Looks, that's not my chum.
Nah. Never saw him before, never loaned him a cent.
That's not him. The killer had pointy teeth and a much bigger blowhole.
As I told Officer Krupke, I wasn't at the rumble.
No, that's not my fin mark on that loan.
Watch that fist, young man.
Hey pal, I don't see anything fishy about this photo
Yeah, I remember him, he's the guy pitched overboard to sleep with us
You're not getting a nibble out of me until my lawyer's here---and he's a shark.
I told you, i was home watching shark week.
Wasn’t me! I’m a leg man.
Dental records don't lie!
His legs look familiar.
Those bite marks in the photo don't match my pearly whites, so try again copper.
I heard somebody say 'school'.
So how exactly did you escape from the 'Shark Tank'?
I'd say there's something fishy about this whole thing, but I'm a mammal.
Yeh, that's him! I'll never forget that peg-leg.
I know.. I know.. I BITE and have VERY clean teeth. But, how many times to I gotta tell ya, I don't know where Ol' MacHeath is.
Bait and switch is for car salesmen, not cops!
Well, he shouldn't have been swimming with an open sore.
That's not me, I tell ya!' 'I was in South Beach when that guy lost a limb.
Do I look like a snitch?
No way! This is a card shark. You're looking for a loan shark.
Never seen him, but I'm more of a smell guy.
Yeah, I make the occasional loan. What of it?
I not gonna sing for you, Copper... I ain't no stool shark.
Let’s wait for my client to arrive.
Yeah, that's the guy. Said he'd clear me by a mile.
I want my attorney, now!
What are you showing me that for? I didn't see anyone's face!
yeah, yeah, I know him. That's Mack the knife.
From my angle it looked like a big seal.
I've never seen that Fox in my entire life
Yeah, that's Hammerhead Harry, all right. He's the one who put the bite on everyone after losing that last round of poker to me.
I demand to go back to the tank!
Give me a sonogram. You'll see I didn't take the leg.
No those are not my teeth marks on that person. I have two missing on the left side.
Hey, not my fault he didn't get a bigger boat! Hey, not my fault he didn't get a bigger boat!
Yeh...that's Fin. He sleeps with the fishes.
Those could be anybodies teeth marks on that surf board
Yeah, that's Manny T. He's in hot water down by the utility outflow.
I keep telling you, I'm a pool shark, not a loan shark!
Your warning is a bit late- Miranda and I split up months ago.
Oh, I see how it is, every half eaten corpse, pin it on the shark!
So I was down by the river. But I don't know no Lotte Lenya!
I confess. I'm just a fish outta water.
Like I said, that ain't our work. Go talk to the Jets.
When my attorney gets here he is going to eat you guys alive.
You are arrested for impersonating a lawyer!
Get me back to water, please.
I eat guys like that for breakfast.
He was a chum of mine.
I meet lots of tuna. This Charlie guy--who the hell remembers?
Don't ask me if it smells fishy, I´m on a strict plankton diet.
Way I see it: you got no body, you got no case.
That's Amity Island, 1975. Remember?
Yeah, I know him. That's Loan Shark.
Yeah I seen him, he swimming with the fishes ... the dead ones.
You really think a Miranda warning is necessary?
My PhD? That's the third degree. I'll beat the rap if it don't beat me. Innocent is my only plea. I'll be free by Discovery.
Yeah, I know him. He tried to jump me.
This gets out, I'm sushi.
You didn't read me my Menhaden rights.
The surfer dude is a sissy. I don't have arms either and I do just fine.
If I'm not her teenage dream, why did she let me cop a feel?
Nemo? Never seen him before in my life.
You know, I honestly don't know how we are supposed to get information out of a shark... hell, how is he even in here?
What's this, an excuse from your mother the day the dolphins disappeared?
Of course, I did it---self-defense. He was a fin-eating man.
Forget about me. Wait till my lawyer gets here.
Jaws ? I don't know that guy !
Ah, you see, that's not me. What you're looking for is a 'loan' shark.
I'm pretty sure I didn't eat that one.
It wasn't me, I was off chasing some school fish. Plus, I don't hang out at The Coast anymore. Talk to the hammerhead about that.
I told you, I didn't lend the clownfish money.
You're looking for a card 'sharp,' idiots. Don't you use urban dictionary?
There's blood on yer teeth,scum. Cough 'im up.
Sorry, one-legged people all look the same to me.
Love to help but I'm more of a smell-y, taste-y kind of guy.
No more Mr. Nice Guy--Did you or did you not cause this blood bath?
No, I told you I've never seen the tornado in question.
How was I supposed to know she wasn't a sea lion?
No, the guy I saw had didn't have an overbite.
That's not me. I gave up man-eating for Lent!
Those fingerprints aren't mine!
You got me, hook, line and sinker.
It was not me. I have been telling you, I'm a vegan.
Yeah, I ate that one, too. So what?
They promised an arm and a leg.
I know you are trying to show me the legal justification for my arrest, but the simple fact is that sharks can't read.
From the right angle everyone looks like a seal.
Look's like Tony the Tuna in hot water.
1. Are you the grouper who groped her? 2. Something is fishy about your story Sharky!
I tell you it's not a Great White. It's cold blooded. Try Wall Street.
That line-up was a joke. Me and five barracudas.
That's gotta be the work of 'No Fin Nicky'. No one ever sees him coming.
I've never tasted...I mean seen that guy before in my life.
No way, candidates give me reflux!
Kill another shark? No way; what do you think I am, a lawyer?
I'd ask for my lawyer but he's literally a barnacle.
We found this imprint of your dorsal fin at the scene of the crime.
I'll have the tuna on rye.
I didn't go crazy. I went shark!
I told Shamu it was a bad idea.
Shark see bit crutch.
Nemo? Haven't seen him.
Yeah, I gave the guy a loan. Is that a crime?
OK, so I got no friends. That only `makes me a lone shark.
I'm still pleading innocent. I was acting in self-defense.
Isn't it a little unfair to put me in a lineup with a bunch of cards?
Let me put it this way...you can tell the guys over at StarKist they were wrong about Charlie.
Gimme a water and I'll talk.
Ah, the first word I see is 'BUSTED'!!!
No, that's not him. He had more of a hammer-shaped head.
I am no Loan Shark.I am just a fish out of water!
I'm telling you, all the SeaWorld people look the same to me.
Not my fault. I run a hedge fund.
Listen, Officer, this guy said he wanted to be my chum. And I never look a gift horse in the mouth.
I'm telling you, I haven't seen the final 30 seconds of the twelfth episode of Frasier's eleventh season because it's still broken on Netflix.
I'm a loan shark, not a stool pigeon.
Hey that's Mackie! I didn't know he was back in town
I've never seen this guy. I tell you, I'm vegan.
Since Jaws you cops blame everything on us, there are other fish in the ocean, too. I don't even like surfers, too sinewy.
Naah, I don't know any Mack the Knife guy, okay? Where he keeps it, who can tell?
What do you mean, call my lawyer? I am a lawyer!
No, no, no. I said he had eight legs!
I swear, Sarg, I did not eat Bill Parcels!'
Can we go back to water boarding?
Yeah, I know him. Name’s Mack … Mack the Knife.
I'm telling you, he wasn't my chum!
Yeah that's him....Said he worked for the Discovery Channel.
Enough of my Wrongs, read me my Rights.
I told ya, he was my chum!
Come clean, we know you ate Bobby Darin?
Ok, ok, yeh, that's Mac the knife
How many times do I have to explain the difference between a loan shark and a lone shark?
We know you know where this leg went missing!
Do you think I'm some sort of cold blooded killer?!
I'd know that card shark anywhere.
Ain't it enough you guys got me to talk; you want me to confess to murder too?
If it'd been me, there wouldn't be anything left to photograph.
No, I'm not an attorney. I'm an actual shark!
Does this murder look podcast-worthy?
So you found Nemo.
I was at home. Asleep.
I never loaned money to that person.
We're going to need a bigger font
Listen, like I said a hundred times, I only got a look at her legs.
You can drop the yummy cop/yucky cop routine.
OK, I'll bite. What's your evidence?
You are supposed to read my Miranda Rights to me.
Sorry man, I got the munchies
Yeah I had her for dinner, but let's contextualize it, OK?
Yeh, that's Spielberg.
Can you confirm that the man in this picture is Mark Cuban?
Ok, I recognize that guy. But I ain't spillin' my guts to YOU about it!
Whatta you gonna do, waterboard me?
I've never seen that stump before.
Call that a likeness? I said extended caudal fin, not dorsal!!
Fonzi? Yeah I know him.
Who do you think I am, your new paper shredder?
Yep. Mark Cuban.
You're just trying to bait me.
You people think we all look the same!
That's not my signature on that loan application.
Can we make this quick? I gotta keep moving.
I recognize the torso. It tasted like garlic.
In my defense, he was trespassing.
This is a setup. That's just chum.
I swear officers, I've never loaned a dime to anyone
'I've told you already...I'm a Jet! I just look like a Shark.
How exactly do you think I pulled the trigger?!
Got another complaint about you being a predator...
OK, OK, but, please, no root canal!
Didn't you realize we can only read under water?
Just because I'm at the top of the food chain shouldn't make me a top suspect.
I still can't tell...is that a surfer or a seal?
I’m not good with faces. You got a shot of the legs?
Told you, Lefty, your loan sharking days are over.
I told you that tuna was fine when I left.
No! That is absolutely not who I had for dinner!
'Yeah but he hit me first.' Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
I'll have the steak. I told you Copper, you humans all look the same to us!
Yeah, maybe it's him, who knows---can you guys identify every damn donut you ever ate?
Its a delicious room of sweet ribs and an ice cold beer
Dummy, ya nabbed the wrong loan shark!
That's ridiculous. What's my motivation for killing Spielberg?
What would I know about a loan shar—... okay, I see what's going on here.
For the last time, I didn't kill no one, I'm just'a loan shark!
That is not my signature!
For the third time, I don't recognize that leg.
You're gonna need a bigger picture, flatfoot; my eyes are on my sides.
I'm a pool shark. I didn't kill him.
you have 10 seconds to explain
No, but he looks delicious.
Don't give me that! This is a seal!
That's not a loan, it's a gift.
Just because I chose to represent myself don't think I am a fool.
Not another word until I talk to my sea snake.
You loan all that money because you just can't say no?
Yeah, he's the one I made the loan to.
Yeah, I gnawed 'im! A lotta us gnawed 'im!
But he asked for the loan.
Hey, guys! I was just trying to take a bite outta crime!
D....W....C....A....R
Sure I forged the deed, my house was under water.
I swear, that is not my chum.
Do what you want, Dan, but you're going to lose your microwave priveleges again.
Which of these sharks helped you escape ABC's 'Shark Tank?'
Yeah, that's him. That's the guy who gave me diarrhea.
Yeah I ate him too
Do you recognize this theme song?
I already told you I don't recognize that delicious bloody stump.
Oh come on, that doesn't even look like me. I'm not gold.
Yeah. That's Ralph. He did it. I didn't do nothin' - I was just there to be in the documentary.
Dental records don’t lie, we know you’ve been back to your old tricks
I keep telling you guys, I don't recognize that body. You all taste the same.
Sign the confession or we're throwing you back in the tank.
I didn't know it was a mermaid
I worked for you guys 23 years, and bite one head off....
Wrong! I only plead to being a Lone Ranger.
Check my alibi, I was out making loans.
And I would sign it how?
You wanna know what happened during Shark Week then its gonna cost you an arm and a leg
My lawyer's Flipper defense will make your head spin.
We're going to need a bigger quote.
Stop profiling me.
I was in School at the time!
Maybe some electroshock therapy will help you think of somefin
I’m famished. Which one of you is the good cop.
Ahh, yes, I remember this one. A fish named Nemo; I caught him in late-2006. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti.
That one
Do you recognize this beach?
Yep. That's him.
I'm the lawyer - That's the defendant
No! I wouldn't even touch someone with a wooden leg.
But I'm a LONE shark!
Did you threaten to chomp this guy if he defaulted?
Yep, he was a chum of mine.
I keep tellin' you guys... I'm a vegan!
Just wait until my lawyer gets here, he's the real shark.
Of course, I reconize him, he's my cousin, 'Hammerhead'!'.
Look, #1. My name ain't Charlie. #2. I told ya I never seen the guy and #3. Even if you bring charges, they'll never stick. The guy ain't got a leg to stand on.
He's the one in my lower abdomen.
Yea, that's the guy that jumped me; it's been downhill ever since.
The cardshark I know is missing a fin.
No, I don't know who killed this Riff.
You got nothin'. That could be anybody's dorsal fin.
How can it be illegal? Your slogan is, 'Take a bite out of crime.'
It says here you run a profitable business giving out loans?
So, Mack, you can positively ID 'MacHeath, dear'?
I smell a rat.
Look pal - I'm not confessing to anything without consulting my artiste representative.
Take a hike, copper. I may be a shark but I ain't no rat.
If I talk, it's pow and I sleep with the fishes.
How many times do I have to tell you- I didn't gnaw him
We're trying to find Nemo and we have reason to believe that you know where he is.
I told you before, I don't recognize any of these guys without their feet.
Yeah, but I want a lawyer that really is a shark!
Oh no – anything but waterboarding.
I know my rights. I want to call a lawyer. Wait a minute..I am a lawyer.
I really can’t say ‘cause I don’t know this chum.
'Christ! Do ya think I'm a dolphin?' (Is that the correct spelling for 'do ya?' And if 'Christ' isn't PC, replace it with 'Jeez')
not the same old fish story!!
Not enough blood to finger me, looks like a dolphin did it
Mind loaning me a lawyer?
Never seen that torso in my life.
It's hard to tell officer... There was a lot of blood.
That there's my cousin, a reef shark.
I ain't sayin' a word until I talk to my court appointed shark.
E M D X L O
That's him. Last I saw he was swimming with my buddies.
Yes, that's the actor who jumped me!
That's him. Tasted great..
I swear, it wasn't pre-marinated
I keep telling you, I didn't see the guy who took my fin!
My alibi is ironclad. I was out for sushi.
Cooperate with us we'll keep you out of the tank.
No, no; the board that ran over me was green with yellow diagonal stripes and ten toes dangling off the back.
Sure, he's sleepin' with the fishes, but who hasn't?
not another word til I get my water
School terrorism, by you!!!
They all look pretty much the same to me, detective.
You know the 'duunnn dunnn... duuuunnnn duun... duuunnnnnnnn dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dunnnnnnnnnnn dunnnn' is not helping me concentrate.
Release me or I'll sue your asses for species profiling.
Sure, I remember him. He tasted like chicken.
We don't have nobody in the sea named Miranda.
Sorry I've never seen seen Charlie .....Aw I mean him before!
Yeah, that's him. And that's the last time I go undercover at the aquarium.
You got it wrong--I'm a lone shark! A lone shark!
No, I ain't seen him. Plus, he tasted lousy.
You're bluffing...there's no way that can be my fingerprint!
Stop with the faces already; now legs, maybe I can help you.'
Yes, that's the crappy loan I offered him. Happy now?
I know my rights, so either net me or get off my dorsal.
I think you guys are misunderstanding the term 'crime wave.'
I ain't sayin' another word until I talk to my burbot.
I wouldn't call it jaw dropping...
I swear, I've never seen this man you call 'Richard Dreyfuss'.
Can you show me the lower half again?
Excuse me, but I was told I would be auditioning for Shark Tank.
I don't think this is what the chief meant when he told us to grill him.
I'm telling ya', that is NOT my signature! That Spielberg guy has been using my image without my permission since 1975!
Never seen him and wouldn't have eaten him if I had.
Would you wave it around a bit?
Hey, that's not my work, man! I don't have an overbite!
Change 'attacked' to 'dined on,' and I sign.
No, I don't want an attorney, I AM an attorney.
Arms, legs, surf boards---they're all the same to me.
I know it sounds superfluous but I still want my lawyer.
How was I supposed to know they were filming the whole thing?
I tell ya I never ate him in my life.
Do you really think I'd put shark fin soup on the menu?
I'd need a blood sample to be sure...
Look, can we wrap this up? Shark Week starts tomorrow.
No those aren't my teeth marks and I resent being characterized as a predator.
You can't make me confess to being a Loan Shark!'
That's Mobius. We call him Moby, Dick.
Come on, Banks charge even higher rates.
There must be a misunderstanding...I'm the lawyer.
So you're sayin' ya didn't post this this picture of a ladies leg to Facebooks' Food Porn page? You dirty, bloodthirsty man-eating son of a ...., why I oughtta....
That's right. It says: 'Back to the Tank.'
Give us a break, does this guy on a surfboard really look like a seal to you?
Yeah- that guy looks like a seal too!
I don't know nuthin'. Try talkin' to the coconuts.
Incriminating, perhaps, but it was Susan Sontag who said there is 'something predatory in the act of taking a picture.' Who's gory now?
Yeah, that's the fixed rate mortgage
Just give us the name of the big fish and you can swim, His street name's 'Chicken of the Sea'
No way that'd be my accomplice. I'm a lone shark.
I'm telling ya, without the smell of blood it means nothin' to me.
No, that's not my card.
It was just the blow-hole. I promise.
That someone, is Mack The Knife.
Looks like the killer whale photo didn't work.
No, I will not take a bite out of crime.
Have you questioned the bees? Everybody knows they kill more people every year.
Of course I ate him...how was I supposed to know that was a paddleboard and not a giant cracker
We have evidence of you coral reefing.
You guys got nuthin'! I ain't the only loan shark in the sea!
Remember? How could I? I'm sleep-deprived.
That could be any school of fish.
I have no three-second memory of this.
you might as well put me back in the tank, i'm not talking.
Smells Fishy to Me
I don't anyone by the name of Fonzarelli, but he doesn't look like he's in any shape to do any jumpin',..., if you get my drift.
I'm a shark, copper--not a rat.
You're bluffing. I'm guessing you haven't found the body.
I already told ya, you're looking for someone swims with the fishes. Do I look like someone who swims with the fishes?
Those are piranha bites, you fool!
Read it to me, I am a school dropout.
Just because that looks like a shark bite, what makes you think I would know when it happened?
It was the halibut. Second from the right in the top row.
Yeah, that's the guy who jumped me. Said his name was Fonzie
Yeah, that's the guy. Punched me right in the nose.
I'm not warm blooded and neither is my lawyer. Give her a call.
I swear...I became a vegetarian.
You dirty cops. I could smell blood on your hands from five miles away.
You were IDed wearing the same sharkskin suit you have on today!
Yes, that is me. But, I didn't do anything wrong eating that seal pup.
You say surfer, but to me that's clearly a seal.
OK. I confess. He's the guy I ate last week.
Like I said, I only saw him up close and straight on.
Yeh, we used to play cards together, so what?
Good cop, bad cop. You both look delicious.
A lone is fine for a wolf but not me?
I'd talk, but I'm parched.
I don't know what you're talkin' about, those loans were legit.
I haven't seen her, but I'll keep my eyes open.
No answers till my lawyer is present.
I keep telling you, they all look the same!
And I told you — I don’t know no Tony or Maria and I wasn’t at no rumble!
I told you I was a loan shark, not a stool pigeon.
Are you saying he was delicious ?
Yeah. That's the guy who said 'We're gonna need a bigger boat.'
My lawyer says you can't put me in the line-up with the dolphins again.
I was farmed!
Lenny knew that even his Great White privilege couldn't save him now.
So you're saying you *don't* recognize this surfboard?
I ask that the plea sentencing include time served at Sea World.
Does this picture look kind of fishy to you?
Yeah, that's him. Trump's the one who jumped.
I ate her.
I've seen those cement shoes somewhere.
I was just playing an honest game of poker. .
For the last time, you've got the wrong species! I'm not a loan shark! [underline loan]
If you think I'm a shark, wait till my lawyer gets here.
Never ate him in my life, I swear.
I want my sawfish.
It's just a ticket to watch the game; my performing days are over!
I'D LIKE MY DENTIST PRESENT FOR THIS INTERROGATION.THOSE ARE NOT MY BITE MARKS.
You call that evidence? When my lawyer gets here he'll eat you alive.
That's a great white lie! I've never seen him before. Something smells fishy- so bring me my lawyer!
I'm telling ya, I couldn't a been there. Impossible, I tell ya.
I swear it wasn't me! I'm a vegetarian!
For the tenth time, I gave up Atkins years ago. I'm vegan now.
I now see it’s a surfboard — but this photo is from above.
Nope...I ate that one two days ago!
Let’s get on with the waterboarding.
This just isn't my week.
Yeah, I know him. So what? We were in the tank together.
Do you recognize this upper torso?
No, he looks more like Richard Dreyfuss.
My chum? Sure he was my chum! That's why I ate him.
Besides, with hedge funds who needs usury?
I told you before that loan had a fair interest rate. This is profiling!
No, he only had one arm.
Sure I recognize him, I'd know him anywhere. He's Mack the Knife.
You can never trust a hammerhead.
The Feds claim the spotted seal is endangered?
Sorry Governor, never bit the chap before in me life.
I can't read it. Move closer.
Surfing?... I call it dinner.
Like I said, he's swimming with the fishes.
' . . . you have a right to an attorney...' Do I really look like I need an 'attorney'.
Yeah, that's Luca Brasi .
Bertolt Brecht, Kurt Weill, Lotte Lehmann, mean anything to you?. Come on now, Shark with the pearly teeth.
You got the wrong guy, it's against my religion to eat meat on Friday.
You can throw me in the tank, but I'd never rat on a schoolmate.
Is this the loan you were trying to collect?
He called me a 'shark' once, alright! I deserve better! And yes, that's him on the beach in the picture.
I told you my name is not Moby Dick
Those couldn't be my tooth marks. I'm, uh, mmm, uh, a vegetarian.
Look, all I can say is that Lewie C. said it best: 'Never go to sea without a porpoise.'
Are those Miranda rights or animal rights?
I don't know, all arms look the same to us.
And then I said to him 'nobody jumps the Shark'.
I don't even know which way the road is?
'Recognize this morsel?
I still maintain that I was smiling for a photo when the tourist slipped off the deck and and into my mouth.
Yea,that's him. Minus the surfboard and wet suit.
Again, a butterfly! Are you guys detectives or psychiatrists?
Get some eggs too
I keep telling you they all taste the same.
It was a loan, pure and simple. You got a problem with that?
May I please have a tank of water?
For the last time, the Jets did it!!
Yea that's him, he stole my chum!
No, it is not one my loans
What is this, some kinda fishing expedition?
Yep. That's the eco-terrorist who tried to kill me.
I'm a shark----not a rat.
I don't know anyone named Quint.
Did you click 'like' on this surfer's Facebook?
I never took an arm and a leg! That's what I'm worth for sushi.
Since when did having dinner become a crime?
'To Catch a Predator' unaired footage.
Back off, guys. I used to be in the Marines!
This good cop, bad cop routine isn't going to work. You both look delicious to me.
Do you recognize this surfer?
I never pay attention to little fish.
Sure, that's him---and he was delicious!
My tale may appear fishy, but I am no loan shark!
That's not me. It's my brother, my attorney.
My alibi is water tight. I was working on shark week for Discovery Channel.
I don't know; Can you draw a scuba mask on him?
Clearly you haven't noticed that I'm a shark not a rat.
Hey, what was I supposed to think Shark Week meant?
Why aren't you rounding up the white sharks?
It wasn't me, it was Flipper!
I'll have to confer with my colleague at the law firm
So, was this the candidate that jumped over you in a motorcycle?
That's my brother hangin' around the school, not me.
I've never seen that face. I told you, I only eat fish if I'm at Nobu.
'That was just a little love bite'.
Yeah,he was a client,but I didn't eat im.
I love your menu, but hate the service.
It's in moments like these I wish I was an albino.
At least no one knows my fly is open.
That is an absolute lie as I am a vegan.
' I told you, I took his leg and swam. Never saw his face
Of course he looks familiar. He was my attorney.
I'm innocent, I'm innocent, I tell ya, that not my signature. You've got the wrong shark. I'm the lone shark not the loan shark. Don't you guy know how to spell.
This fin was seen leaving the harbor of the crime. Look familiar?
I swear I didn't mean to bite Moby Dick.
Listen pal, from that angle they all look like seals.
Yeah, yeah. He used to be my chum. So what?
I don't have my glasses. You're gonna need a bigger photo.
THE FISH SWIMS BETWEEN MY TEETH.
You can treat me like some kind of hammerhead but I know I have the right to an attorney.
Listen, I knew him in school but I ain't seen him since!
But I keep telling' ya; he's the one who jumped me!
Yeah I know him, he gave me indigestion.
Nah.. he was big like my cousin whitey
While your words say you are innocent your salivation tells a different story
I was at seaworld that day.
Yeah, I loaned him some dough. So what?
Once again. . . a little to the side please.
Can you explain what your dorsal fin is doing in South Beach at around 10 PM last night?
Never ate 'I'm. Never ate 'im.
The Sharknado was my fault, but I've never been to Manitowoc!
I confess, i'mthe lone shark.
That's him! With a deadly weapon! - a harpoon! His name is Ahab!
Sure, I was in the tank with Mark Cuban, but I've sworn off rich food.
Yeah, that's him. I can tell by the patch over his eye, the hook hand, and his wooden leg.
I told you, I'm color-blind.
All scuba divers look the same to me.
Officer, I've never seen that surfboard before in my life
O.K. O.K. I confess. Global warming made me do it.
Yes, that is the big Kahuna
See. I told you he had a spear.
Look. Buttface. I'm Great. I'm White. And I'm going to make this country great again. So what if I ate an immigrant?
I told you, I don't eat tuna!
And, I'm telling you again, that's not my signature!
I never loaned that guy a dime and this is the basest kind of discrimination.
If I tell you anything, they'll break every cartilage in my body.
I never ate that man before in my life.!
This looks a little fishy
You're in luck, we're releasing prisoners today for a fin. Just sign here.
I'll take No. 13, The Surfer Deluxe. Hold the fries.
I never saw that krill before in my life!
I'm going to say it one more time! I THOUGHT he was a seal!
I am not Jaws just ask my dentist
Sure I seen him. I delivered a candy-gram to him once or something.
No... the guy looked a lot like Richard Dreyfus... a lot
Enough with the questions, officer. I feel like a fish out of water.
Yeah, that's an underwater selfie of me and the guy who disappeared. So what? Is that all you got, Sherlock?
So ya got me, so what? Ya think I'm some guppy? The fish bowl that can hold me ain't been built yet.
Tell me Columbo, whaddya think Greenpeace is gonna say 'bout this?
Listen coppers I'm a shark not a rat
I'm telling you- it wasn't me, she's not even my type. I prefer blondes.
No way that's the guy I ate.
How can I tell? You all look alike to me!
I didn't see the sign saying locals weren't allowed in the hotel pool.
There's no way I'm stupid enough to be distracted by a photo of your beautiful wife to tell you that I hid the body in my garage
I've never even seen that terrified ,very delicious, young tanned surfer.
Yeah! That's him. Police Chief Martin Brody; the man who killed my father.
You're gonna need bigger bait.
Nope, that's not me. I don't even shoot pool.
What? Wuz he your chum or somethin'?
Lookit. I told you already: the greaser in the leather jacket jumped me first!
Like I said, that movie was 30 years ago and was not me who ate those people!
I need my attorney
I told you--I won't flip.
Sorry, all seals look alike to me.
I told you. My name is not Mac and that's not my knife!
I know my rights. I'm not saying another word until I talk to a marine biologist.
No I don’t recognize her, but if you give me a little taste of what is left maybe I will.
I demand Miranda au souffle.
That bite is not mine... My canines were removed before I could use braces.
Your plan has teeth, but will never survive the 'Shark Tank.'
I've never seen that seal before in my life! As I keep telling you guys, I'm a vegetarian, and seals are the last thing on my mind.
Him? Yeah, I seen him. He sleeps with the fishes.
So what. Ain’t no law against eating a dead gangster on the bottom of the East River!
'For the last time'!,... that surfboard looks familiar, but for 'sure' I have never seen that torso.
I can recognize a fishing expedition when I see one!
He caught my wife over the weekend. So I ate him.
Never hoid of no 'Freddie the Fork'
Wanna go swimming?
Fish out of water, my ass. I know my rights. Lawyer.
OK, besides the teeth marks and severed body what makes you think I did it?
What do you expect? There was blood in the water.
Yes, I shot him, and then attended to his wounds...what can I say? I'm a nurse shark...
Yeah, that's the chump I chomped.
Yeh, that's what Brecht wrote. Jenny Towler, not Sukey Tawdry.
Could I have some water, please!
Yes that's Mack the Knife.
Why can't you believe that I'm a vegetarian?
I'll be representing myself.
I chewed, but I didn't swallow
Do I look like the Lost and Found?' 'If Nemo is missing again, that's HIS problem.
Yep, that's him alright, though he looked tastier in a bathing suit
Nope. Robert Shaw doesnt ring any bells, sorry.
I don't know how my fin prints got on the paper, I've never been to Manitowoc Wisconsin.
That could be him. Hard to tell from a bowl of shark-fin soup.
Yes, that's definitely Captain Ahab.
I ain't spoutin' off; I've never seen that thigh in my life.
I told you, I haven't seen left shark since last February!
So tell me, officer, where would you put the wire?
Dude, do I look like a loan shark?!
Just cuz I seen him swimming with the fishes don't mean I know him
They used me as bait!
If you think I'm going to take that bait, you're crazy.
I told you the guy we're looking for was wearing a Speedo.
Do you recognize this arm and a leg?
Never tasted him.
Shot him? But I don't even have hands.
No. I've never eaten this man in my life.
Bite me, copper
It's a lie. I never met that chum fish in my life.
How many times do I have to tell you guys that you're looking for a card-shark.
Put it in a bowl of water.
Excuse me, but I think you've forgotten that I can't read!
Now he would go well with fave beans and a nice Chianti.
Yes, Officer Kupke, I tried to eat Riff, but he was just no good.
I only see what I don't eat, copper.
I keep telling you, I'm Vegan !
Captain Quint, you say? No I haven't seen him. Never even heard of the guy.
Recognize this card?
Sure I recognize him! It's Robert Shaw. What about him?
Hey, I'm not a card shark.
I told you already - he was already dead when I bit him.
You ever see this leg before?
Charlie the Tuna? Never heard of him.
Are you kidding me? You thought THIS was a walrus?
I'm not talking till you water board me.
Look officer, I keep telling you, I was just circling.
Whaddya mean, 'loan shark.' I'm just a lone shark, me and my buddies.
Since when is being a pool shark against the law?
Looks like a seal to me
Yes, but she was the only bait in town.
Detective, I swear that minnow was 18.
You got it all wrong - he jumped ME.
Not me. I can't even swim.
Do I recognize the torso in the picture? You're gonna have to give me something better than that to go on.
I want to see my Maritime Lawyer.
Yah, that's him. That's Harry the piranha. He was the one raiding the minnow farm.
Naw, I ain't never seen 'im with his clothes on before.
I told you before, I have an inflatable fetish. Is that against the law?!
You're profiling.
I said 'I hate her' not 'I ate her'....
I'm not talkin' 'til you feed me a lawyer.
You finless mammals all look alike to me.
I'm just the lawyer.
I ain't bitin.'
Integrating a Wall Street Hedge Fund Manager!
He looks like a seal I once knew, so what.
So maybe I loaned him the money. What about it?
Yes! Yes! There's gonna be a rumble with the Jets tonight, tonight!
Look, I told you, I'm not the sharpest at this sort of thing.
Like I said, the fish you're after is life-sized and three-dimensional.'
I already told ya, I left him a loan.
Majority consensus is flawed if the ranks of confusion or ignorance prevail.
Sure I had that tourist for lunch. It was the Catch of thr Day.
Yeah, that's an overbite, so what?
``Yes. I ate him. I feared for my life.
Eat'em her rights, Joe.
Yeah, I'm his loan shark.
You may try to hide the truth, but you can't hide your fin.
He got too chummy.
i haven't seen him since the movie Blackfish.
Hey, all your legs look alike to me
Yeah I've sea-n him a couple of times around the Pacific...
If it's not scratch and sniff, I really can't tell you.
I'm not answering another question until I talk to a bottom feeder.
I can't see it without my reading glasses.
This is Inshark, I'm in here six hours, without a cup of blood....
I may be a loan shark, but I ain't no rat.
I've told you already, I only saw the hook and worm.
Boring! Let me put a little bite in it!
That's not a feeding frenzy. You at Red Lobster, THAT's a feeding frenzy.
Is this the guy whose loan you deep-sixed?
I don't care what Charlie the Tuna said. I told you. I never seen that foot before.
Yeah, so what. I was hungry.
Shaw. I was bullied.
Never seen 'im. Not a regular on the Great White Way.
It couldn't have been me. I am a man eating shark!
That's the work of a murder shark. I just do loans.
How do you expect me to remember what I had for dinner last week?
Candygram Sir
What makes you think I can read that?
O.K. wise guy, tell us about this 'Charlie the Tuna' character.
Yeah, I know him. We ate a school together.
I never saw this navy seal before.
Robert Shaw? Never seen him before.
You say timely author, I say tasty hors d'oeuvre.
Black? White. Sorry, you guys just all look the same to me.
Don't get chummy with me.
Help, I can't breathe.
That was my hit list, but now it's my list of contributors. I'm running as an independent.
Now I'm gonna ask you one more time, did you krill her
It's always the remoras that sneak up on you.
I'll never forget that face! That kid kept wiggling past my sigmoid colon.
He's from the Dolphin Family.
I don't eat anything with artificial coloring.
Pigs eat people but sharks don't squeal !
I'll give you $100,000 for 15%.
Great whites matter.
I'm not talking until I see my client.
I'm gonna need a bigger photo.
Hey, don't look at me--the remora did it.
I had to eat them because they're losers who aren't very good at their jobs.
What do you expect? I don't like seafood.
Just because of the look on our faces doesn't mean we're not shark-ed.
Yeah. Amity. Summer of '75. So what?
Can I get a tank of water first?
I may be a shark but I ain't no rat.
Can I at least get a glass of water first?
Honestly officers, most of Shark Week was a blur for me.
You're making a man-eater.
Yup. That's the guy that jumped me. The Fonz.
I'm getting a lil tired of you accusing me every time another one washes up.
The leg looks familiar, but I cannot say about the rest.
I told you, I don't know any 'Quint.'
Sure I know him; we were in the same school.
No - that's Clouseau you're looking for, and I can't get you his autograph either.
There's an anklet. I'd never chomp on that.
Are you trying to tell me that this boy looks like a seal?!
Did you write this loan?
I don't know 'em, I just eat 'em.
“Nah, don’t recognize him. What does he smell like bleeding?
Yeah, he's my client. So what.
Again, I'm a loan shark, not a loan shark.
Color blindness is not going to save you this time.
Thanks, I am hungry. I'll have the tuna salad and ice tea.
I told you - I have no idea what Bobby Darin looked like.
I eat people like you for lunch.
Does this look like your teeth will be petrified in a few million years?
Yep, that's Kaiser Soze alright.
He should've had a bigger boat.
I keep telling you, LONE shark!
I told you, I've never seen that appetizing human before.
How many pieces of paper am I holding?
O.K., SO TRUMP IS A RELATIVE OF MINE. WHAT OF IT?
I didn't sign that loan doc, I was playing pool.
Dolphin? Surfboard? They all look the same.
I had nothing to do with the mortgage collapse, I'm a loan shark
I was told to keep moving.
Of course I did it in cold blood.
Yeah, maybe I did. Like I said, I eat a lot of people.
Stop calling me Jaws!
Oh! That's the guy I ate!...er...um... I mean did NOT eat him.
... but before you go... which wallpaper do you like better?
Yeah, that's the guy who jumped me all right.
How should I know? You all look alike.
They all look the same to me
Is this the person you ate?
It's krill! Krill don't have names!
Who's to say he wasn't dead already? After all it is the Jersey shore.
I'm a lone shark not a card shark.
That's the guy! I was just minding my own business, and he came at me with a surfboard.
I see blood but I don't see a body.
I swear I've never eaten him before in my life.
Getting this guy to talk is three times harder than pulling teeth...
That's not me. You 'coppers'think all whales look alike.
Does that mean I can never make partner?
I've never eaten that guy before in my life.
Let's just agree the person in that picture looks like a seal... I mean what would you do?
How to I know that's my client's confession?
I didn't eat him on porpoise.
Look, for the millionth time, you guys got the wrong shark. I'm not THAT type of Reefer Shark
so, you mean to tell me you dont recognize your old chum? the one you killed for a little bit of chum?
Sometimes we may incriminate the wrong suspect due to their appearance
I swear I didn't write that loan.
Well, it should look familiar, sir....
Appearance and steriotypes can be key motives to becoming a suspect
It sure looks kosher to me dough?!
If you think I'm a shark, wait'll you meet my lawyer.
Yeah, that's my chum
Hey, I'm the real victim here......That guy was loaded with toxins Hey, I'm the real victim here. I was doing my natural diet and this guy was loaded with toxins!!
That's correct detective, I normally charge thousand dollars an hour - but for Moby vs captain Ahab I'll go pro bono just this once.
My pilot's always on me about flossing better.
I'm not saying nothing 'til my 'Planet Earth' narrator gets here...
I wasn't even in the ocean that day.
If I 'm a rat, then you're chum.
I was there for his first cigarette, seemed like I should be there for his last dying day.
Duh, I took a bite out of crime
Listen, chum! I ain't seen a fish called Wanda.
I have NEVER seen this surfboard before.
I didn't do it! I eat quinoa.
As a Vegan, I find that repulsive
My brother, 'Shark Tooth', ate the guy in the photo--not me!
He mighta jumped over me once or twice. So?
Maybe he was born with one leg?
Oh yeah! Well it's less than the Bank of America charges!
Of course I remember him. He was delicious.
She told me she was eighteen
I want my lawyer present...and a glass of water
So you're the Bad Carp.
OKay, okay. It's a porpoise named Flipper . Are you satisfied?
I might be a shark, but I ain't no rat.
Never been to Amity.
Nope. Don't recognize that limb either.
now see, that there's a whole 'nother kettle of fish
Yea, I saw him at the feeding frenzy last night.
Look, I already told you, I am not that type of card shark.
Oh, grow up.
No cell can hold me. I eat Lox
Worst part was, tasted like chicken.
Is this your signature on the loan application ?
So, which one of you is the bad cop?
Look, man, I was just standing my ground.
I hear she was struck by lightning.
Looks like you've bitten off more than you can chew.
You have the right to remain salient.
I swear that I'm finnocent!
I wanna talk to my lamprey.
But officer, I'm a vegan!
I don't go for the thin ones.
And I suppose this photo of Abe Vagoda portraying Fish doesn't ring any bells either!
Those aren't my bite marks, officer.
...and what exactly were you doing within 500 feet of a school?
A seal okay! I told you, they all look like seals!
She was bleeding all over the place. What would you have done?
Maybe I seen him once or twice at the beach but he wasn't no chum of mine.
Why are you asking me? I'm the lawyer!
I wouldn't be here if I were a great white.
Have you seen this boat?
So let me get this straight. If I don't talk, you're going to throw me in the tank?
We swam in the same school but always in different circles.
I have a right to be provided with a lawyer. Oh wait ...
Eh, she's not my type.
E,F,P,T,O,Z,L,P,E,D...the rest are blurry.
Every time a Jet dies you drag me in here.
Yea ' burp' I recognize the surfer and your point?
You say they call him Ishmael? I didn't see him.
Does the punchline 'professional courtesy' mean anything to you?
Yes, he's one of my law partners.
I'm telling you that's not my handwriting.
I thought the dame was a mermaid.
James Bond, the British spy? I'm afraid you've got the wrong Jaws, officer.
I can't comment without consulting my client.
Bruh, that's not me...I was on the right side!
I heard this odd music and I wasn't sure what had come over me.
Even if I ate that guy from what I hear he was hunting for shark fins, so he had it coming. You humans kill us fish by the millions but one of you gets hurt. Next time you see a bunch of Tuna line fishing on Broadway let me know. Now call my lawyer.
I want my lawyer and ten thousand gallons of water immediately.
'Admit it!' Little Timmy is in your stomach.
You say blood-bath, I say brunch.
The last time I saw him he was hanging out next to the Olive Garden.
Sure, I ate the dude. But, hey, that's my thing. And, by the way, he was delish.
I know I'm cold-blooded.
Are you going to believe me or some X-ray technician?
No Sir, never have I become attached to that gam in my life.
Grill me all you want I'm tough!
Yeah, it might be him... I don't know, he looked different without his head
You can't convict an endangered species, and we both know it.
I was in the Pacific Ocean that day.
No - not my bite prints -- I wear dentures.
CSI finally jumps the shark
Rectangle!
Yea,thats the guy I gave the loan to,but I didn't charge no 25%.
You got the wrong guy... I was on the right.
Never seen him before in my life. Again, it's L-O-N-E.
That's a hammerhead, fool.
Did you underwrite this loan?
I had nothing to do with the Omega 3 robbery
Wasn't me. Told you, I went vegan.
So what, now you guys are the only ones allowed to bare arms?
It looks like him. At least the foot does.
Yes, I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy.
Grilled fish.
Yea, I've been known to hang out in some pretty salty places.
I ain't never seen that leg before.
I already told you, I was playing cards.
Are you why we can't find Nemo?
But she squealed like a seal, tasted like a seal, and - as you can see - looked like a seal!
Oh please, you've got bupkis. That's just some guy in a sharkskin suit.
Don't try getting chummy with me.
Those look nothing like my jaw marks.
What, you think I was born under some seaweed? I'm not taking that bait.
These dudes aren't wearing goggles so I can't tell if it's 1, 2, or 3 ok?
For the last time, is this you swimming at Cape Cod last summer or not?
Yeaaah, I know him. He slept with the fishes.
You got the wrong guy, I'm a dolphin.
Never seen him. I tellin' ya, I ain't the loan shark you're looking for.
I don't remember -- it was a feeding frenzy for chrissakes!
I don't recognize the face. Show me the legs.
Oh, get real. Anyone can see that's the LEFT shark.
I'm a shark. Why would I can that tuna?
Well don't look at me fellas, i'm a vegan!
Seen one fish, you've seen them all.
. . . and I suppose you don't know MacHeath either then, do you?
I ain't never seen that bicycle before in my life.
I told you, I don't know anyone named Riff or Maria.
I couldn't have done it, I say! Ask anyone. My school was off Delray all day.
I know a LOT of fish. He 'might' look a little familiar.
Yeah he swims with us - name's Fat Tony
Quint?
Were you part of this tornado?
I already told you: fish are friends, not food
That's him, the one who jumped me.
He don't look the same without them cement shoes.
Actually, Detective, I CAN'T see what's 'right in front of me'. Move it to the side.
Yeah, i ordered the caviar--wanna make something of it?
C'mon Mack, I don't own a knife.
I don't care that you have a fetish about rubber ducks, what were you doing in the kiddie pool in the first place?
I'd like a tall lawyer please, with anchovies on the side
OK, I admit it was a mistake to use my private email server for official business.
I keep telling ya, I'm a dolphin.
Looked like a seal, really? I'm going to call bullshark on that.
I can't read that, I am a SHARK!
Sure, we was in the tank together, so what?
I ain’t sayin’ nothin’ unless you waterboard me.
That's the guy officer. I'm swimming by, minding my own business, and he punches me in the nose!
Hey, loan sharks can't be expected to remember every sucker they catch.
No, it was definitely a bigger boat.
How the hell am I supposed to recognize a fish out of water?
I already told you. I'm not a loaner!
We know it's you under there, Trump.
I told you...I was in the Indian Ocean at the time !
I'll ask my client.
Yes, I know my Miranda Rights. I need a 'shark' attorney!
Yeah, well call my dentist and he'll prove it's not me.
And what makes you think I should know everybody that works on Wall Street?
The last time I got framed this bad I was at SeaWorld.
That wasn't me. I was at the beach that day.
All herring look alike to me.....
My eyes are on the side of my head, and the guy stole my pectoral fins. How am I supposed to point him out?
I'm a Great White - that's a Mako...
But officer, I'm 100% organic, gmo free. I couldn't have bit that human.
Yeah, I ate the bigger boat, too. So what?
We sent him to walk with the animals.
A Blonde and a Brunette entered the water on a surf board and then what did you see?
I already told ya: Last time I saw him he wuz sleeping wit da fishes.
Ten thousand bucks chief. For that you get the head, the tail, the whole damn thing
This the guy who represented you?
I was in the gulf of Mexico at the time.
Can you hold it sideways?
Yep, that's her... I know a picture of his wife when I see one!
Never smelled him before...
Evidence? Ha! That's a still from my work in Sharknado!
Yea, that's Donny alright.. In the tank we call him Top Trump..
You're going to need a bigger subpoena.
That ain't me! That's my cousin! I'm Gnaws!
It's a feeding frenzy. Catered. What about it?
You realize this is turning into a fishing expedition.
Your story doesn't add up... something's a little fishy.
'Shark Tank' escapee. What of it?
Those bite marks could have come from a tuna.
Yeah, you could say he was a chum of mine. What's it to you?
Don't you guys have bigger fish to fry?
No, I don't recognize him. Maybe if I smelled his blood...?
Those aren't my bite marks, and this is just a fishing expedition.
Nobody told me it was catch and release.
He's a loan shark. Last time I seen him, he was sleepin' with the fishes.
You're taking this whole 'Loan Shark' thing quite literally, aren't you?
Yeah my teeth could use a little white whitening
My cousin, Little Finnie. Word on the street is, he's been skipping school lately.
You wanna pin this on me, you're gonna need a bigger boat picture.
My lawyer will eat you alive,boys!
I'm telling you, she was a plant.
Wasn't me, man. I'm vegan.
What'd ya expect?'He thought I was a dolphin
Need an interpreter?
I don't see the problem officer. The contract clearly says 'pound of flesh' in bold type.
Yes! That's who jumped me!
How many times do I have to tell you guys that I am not a loan shark.
I'm just saying, I didn't like the guy that's all - he, uh, left a bad taste in my mouth.
I didn't kill him. I have better taste than that.
That letter looks fishy to me.
Why do you guys always assume I don't want a lawyer?
Let me guess: the good carp, bad carp routine?
What do you mean, loitering? You know it's my nature to keep moving.
Yeah, that's Nemo...but you'll never find him.
I've never seen that surfboard before in my life.
Yes, that's the menacing dolphin!
I demand the right to be represented by a dolphin.
I told you, my eyes were closed!
Sure, I'd eat him, too. What's this all about, officer?
Yeah, I ate that guy, but I thought he was my chum at the time.
He looks familiar. We swam together, and then we had a little snack.
That guy I ate was already dead.
Who? Billy? Oh, yeah....tasted like chicken.
I've never seen that dolphin before in my life.
That's Donald Trump swimming with the sharks looking for votes.
Please, tell me that this is about more than diving without a passport.
Not me. I am strictly vegan.
Sure, he looks familiar. But in my line of work, you meet a lot of seals...
That foot doesn't look familiar either.
No, he wasn't my chum.
Hey, that's not me! I don't do humans no more 'cuz they're too high in fat!
Listen, all I saw was breasts and thighs.
I plead sharkfluenza.
Him? He's swimming with the fishies because he's a FISH!
'I was there when he was eaten but I didn't eat him'.
All you mammals look the same to me.
I'm just asking for a little professional courtesy, that's all.
PETA says this is your last chance!
Are you supposed to be the good carp?
Officer, I'll have the Tuna tartar in wine sauce and 87 gallons of water.
Do I look like a predator?
Well when you turn it THAT way, I would say it's the Left Shark.
What is this 'Good Cop/ Bad Cop? No, I didn't eat him. And, by the way, he didn't taste all that good.
Scarlet billows? Doze ain't no scarlet billows! Mack framed me, I tell ya. Check the Knife.
Officer, Miranda must be in the arrestee's language
No, I told you, I'm a JET.
So what? It's a loan. Doesn't prove anything.
Guys, it's impossible to literally take a bite out of crime.
Getting kicked off 'Shark Tank' clearly did a number on him.
It looks like Charlie, but that's no tuna.
So what. We all look alike.
Yeah, I might have imbibed someone who looked that at some point.
Mack the who? Never heard of him.
Buddy, I'm tellin ya I danced fine. The guy you want is Left Shark, and he's still out there.
Speak up. Where are these minnows?
All right, I'll give you a reeftip!
You planted those bite marks. I want my court-appointed documentarian.
C'mon, copper, I can't read that. I'm a goddam shark.
I told you it was a bad idea to free Willy.
Legs? Really? They all look the same to me...
What if the Commissioner learns that you've jumped the shark?
I already told you, I can't see out of water.
Have you seen this whale from SeaWorld?
I told you, I've never seen that leg before.
Maybe she just stopped moving forward.
It's not me; I don't eat meat.
The guy with the wooden leg? Never seen him.
It's the dentist I see to get my teeth sharpened.
No, officer, I wouldn't eat him. He's my chum.
No problem. How much of a loan do you need?
Last I seen him, he was swimming with the fishes.
I know, I know. Fish are friends, not food.
So the guy was in debt, so his body washed up on shore. I tell ya I never seen him before, never loaned him a dime!
For the last time, I'm NOT a card shark!
I swear I've never seen that fish before in my life.
So you're telling me this isn't your handwriting?
I will not talk you. You have no jurisdiction in my ecozone.
Usury?! You guys must be on a fishing expedition!
He looks a little like the guy I ate, but like I said, I really didn't get a good look at him....
There may be some lingering resentment.
I only eat canned surfer.
Yeah, I ate him...he's a tuna for Pete's sake. You gonna charge me or what?
I can't even remember who I had for dinner last night.
I want to call my brother; he's my lawyer.
I thought that guy was lying when he told me he belonged to an endangered species.
Seen one lawyer, seen them all.
Navy, Shnavy. A seal is a seal.
'All you people look the same to me.' (smell, on the other fin, is another matter)
Yea, maybe we once crossed paths in law school.
Sharknado??? What's that??
He can't be Jaws. His teeth aren't large enough.'
Just because it's Shark Week on the Discovery Channel, doesn't automatically make me a suspect.
I won't talk until I eat my lawyer.
I'd like to help you, officers...But 'loan shark' isn't really a THING where I come from.
Steven Spielberg... that's your man!
Okay! That's her..... I was hungry.
I want a lawyer, a real lawyer not some shark!
It all looks like white meat to me.
That guy looks fishy to me
That's a stereotype - we're not all that great.
You gonna dance, left shark?
The real criminals are on Wall Street. But, yeah, I ate that surfer.
Hey, half-time shows are meant to be entertaining; Ms. Perry told me to have fun!
One stupid shark movie and you think we're all guilty!
The Fruitti Di Mare
Nah, I don't chum around with those fellas no more. Now I'm just a lone shark.
I've never eaten a man like that in my life.
It looks like an open-and-shut case.
Statistically, it's more likely that he was killed by a vending machine!
I get it, alright? Something smells fishy. Ha. Ha.
Technically speaking, I agree it looks fishy.
Well from that angle he don't look like a seal.
Do you recognize this INVERTEBRATE?
Showing me the recipe for shark fin soup will not make me talk.
Come on, guys, now you're just fishing.
Just tell him to go ahead and shoot me!
I'm not a rat Lieutenant.
So you think my alibi smells fishy.
Fine. You wanna match my bite with that photo, go right ahead. But you better check my lawyer's bite too, Bucko.
They made SOUP out of it!
Just because his home was underwater doesn't mean I killed him.
I already told you guys! They all look like food to me.
Hmmmm I'm not sure. Do you have one where he's screaming?
Yeah, I saw him around the reef a few times, but I didn't know him. He wasn't my chum, in either sense of the word.
I toldja already. I don't know nothin' 'bout no loan sharks.
Yeah sure, he was a uh... a chum of mine.
During a feeding frenzy there's not much discussion of protected species.
Quarter flounder with cheese, or I ain't talkin'
Don't blame ME! Talk to Mr. Wonderful.
I know profiling, and this is profiling!
Nope. I've never seen that fish before in my life. Does this mean I'm off the hook?
I don't recognize her. I'm a Leg man.
Failure to abide by shark week contract. You're not allowed to eat without camera present. You know this.
I don't know anything about loans, cards, or pool, and this is profiling.
So I age the guy. That's what sharks do!
Yeah, that was the jumper, and I am the chomper. So what?
At this point it was clear to viewers that 'Law and Order' had jumped the shark.
You guys gotta admit he kinda looks like a seal.
I won't take the bait.
Could be me–there’s no mirrors in the ocean.
I told you....the leg was already severed by the time I arrived.
Doesn't look familiar. Can we move on to waterboarding?
This isn't what we meant when we said take a bite out of crime.
Listen, if it doesn't smell like blood, I can't help you.
*You* tell McGruff he's out if his league.
I swear, Officer Krupke. The Jets started the rumble.
I tell ya it was Mac The Knife.
As a lawyer, he insisted on being read his rights.
Yeh, but I swear I didn't know when I took her across state lines it was for immoral porpoises.
If you’re well enough to post a selfie then I should not be here.
Can you stop saying 'Something's fishy'?
This is a still from 'Jaws'. Do you recognize this shark?
My attorney told me to keep my gills shut.
It still looks like a bed of kelp and coffee stains.
I told ya, if you want someone to squeal, talk to a dolphin.
Since when has eating people been a crime?
I don't remember--it was pretty dark out.
that's bait I 'm just not gonna take!
I've never dined at that beach in my life!
I told ya, I never seen the guy! Can we just move forward?
That's a mammal: I'm a fish.
Faces I dunno. Feet, maybe I can help.
I was promised I could go back to school if I confessed.
The leg looks familiar but I'm terrible with faces.
Do we have to order seafood for lunch?
And just why do you think I'd recognize that dead bankrupt guy?
It could have been a beautiful friendship, except for the frenzy, of course.
No, he wasn't an acquaintance of mine, more like a chum.
Can I get a cup of water?
Could've been a Blue Shark. THIS IS SPECIES-PROFILING!!
Yeah, he's a client of mine. So what!
You're going to need a higher resolution photo...
I've been jumped before... But this was like a whole field of 'em.
I told ya', I'm operatin' a loan.
Yah, I seen the scarlet billowin' alright, but not from my pearly whites.
No, I don’t know who they are and yes they do look delicious.
Holy mackerel, that's the guy!
I'm course I'm sorry she's dead -- she was one of my chums.
Sure, everyone knows Honolulu Lulu.
Maybe, maybe not. Lots of turbidity down there that night.
For the last time, I have never seen that limb.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you during Shark Week.
Whaddya think I am, a rat?
Hey, pal, I already told you. I'm no rat.
Seriously? Predatory lending?
Yeah, that's him. That's Lefty. Said he's one of Coldplay's 'surprise' guests and he'd show 'em all this time.
I told you already I've been NPO for my colonoscopy!
You are not going to use me as bait.
Yeah, my wife slept with Luca Brasi. We all did.
Look, it's not my proudest moment. But it was Shark Week.
Which are you, a loan shark or a lone shark?
For the last time, I'm a LONE shark!
Self defense. He tried to jump me.
Yeah, so I charged 22 percent interest, so what? I'm still better than the credit card companies, but I guess they got you guys in their pockets.
We see a lotta stuff dumped in the ocean!
I don't know man, there are a lot of fish in the sea.
Never laid teeth on him in my life.
Maybe that is him, maybe it ain't -- all those mollusks look the same to me.
Yes, I was in the film. But I've stopped giving autographs.
Does anything look fishy to you?
As I've told you repeatedly, attorney-client communication is privileged.
Actually officer, I've gone blubber-free.
I repeat, my client's confession was coerced.
I refuse to take the bait.
I don't recall him smiling.
But I am a loan shark !!
Loitering? Officers, surely you know what happens to a shark that isn’t moving forward.
That's clearly a propeller.
Quit profiling me, man. We all have dorsal fins.
Not that old lawyer joke!
Charlie the Tuna? Never seen him!
Do you recognize the fisherman in this photo?
That's Joey! I told you he was sleeping with the fishes!
I know my rights! My family are all lawyers. Studied law.
Yes, it's true, I work at Goldman Sachs.
For the last time, I never jumped that shark!
My client is swimming with the fishes.
I'm telling you it was Marlon Brando . . . that putz from 'On the Waterfront'?
After looking at these, I will have that snack you offered.
Do you deny that your loan agreement calls for 50% interest ?
The last time I saw a mouth like that it had a hook in it!
How do I know if his name is Ahab---do I look like Moby Dick to you?
They picked me out of the 'fishing lineup'?
Robert Shaw? Never heard of him.
Swimming with the sharks, my guess.
Way too low in the food chain for me.
OK, Whitie, dental records don't lie !!
I didn't kill Willie!
Mistaken identity, I tell ya! She thought I was a dolphin. I thought she was lunch.
I swear, I've never set foot in that billiard hall in my life
So what? Everyone knew Mickey The Finn.
I ain't no card shark.
No officer. I had no idea that he was not a seal.
I told you that ain't me. I'm no card shark. Release me now, or you'll be hearing from my cousin, Marty.
' I didn't do it. The white guy did it'.
Yea I ate the midget. Why? He was on my shirt list.
Surfer- Swimmer, whatever. They all taste like chicken.
I don't answer a single question until you take off these fincuffs.
I swear I haven't seen him since our school days
I demand to see one of my own. Where's my lawyer?
Say, are you trying to guilt-trip me?
You can't pin that torso on me!
I was on top of the food chain. Then she swam into my life.
And you expect me to sign THAT?!?
All you got is circumstantial, Copper. Yes, I met him in the water that day. And yes, he was wearing banana flavored sunscreen. And yes I like bananas!
So you're really telling me you don't recognize this arm?
Sure it looks like Charlie but all Tuna's look alike.
That's right blame the obvious!
You think I'M a shark. Wait until my lawyer gets here.
You can keep talking about where I was on the night of July 17th all you want... I gotta keep moving forward.
Can I have some water? This is suffocating.
I wouldn't be caught dead in that dress.
Call it anything ya want Copper. It's still profiling
Yea. Mark Cuban. Who wants to know?
'That's my twin...do I look like a loan shark'?
That also looks like dinner to me.
Nice legs .
Coney Island? You kidding? There are friendlier places to eat.
Yeah, I've seen him. He sleeps with us fishes.
It's because I'm a shark, isn't it?
I'm telling you, those are not my teeth marks on Charley Tuna
Don't need no lawyer. I am a lawyer.
That's it, a severed arm? You got nothin'.
Yeah, but do I have the right to swim ceaselessly?
Why do you guys bring me in every time a dead seal washes up?
Peter Benchley you say? Nope, never heard of him...
So they are sitting around a floating poker table. What's a card shark to do? I razed!
Miranda rights! What about Shark rights?
I wasn't even in those waters when that happened!
You can't keep trying to pin The Jets on me.
Yeah...well that's what happens when you swim with the fishes.
Oh, I see...this is the switch. Can we just do more bait?
I don't know if that's the guy. All seals look alike to me.
Again, I don't have any feet.
Elmo is with the fishes.
So Abe Vigoda wasn't really a fish?
Oh, sure - it's always the sharks with you guys. Nobody ever says anything about that gang of dolphins!
'Yes I knew Charley the Tuna, but those are not my teeth marks'.
Yeah, that's him. I'd recognize that fish-face anywhere.
I told you already, he looked like chum, not a chump.
Him? Hard to say. You know, there are plenty of fishes in the sea...but if yous grant me immunity, I just might be able to narrow it down.
I swear I didn't see the guy.
What loan??
Do you recognize your breakfast?
You're crazy if you expect me to sign that confession, copper!
Look buddy, color printing makes no difference, I'm color blind - it still looks like a seal! Do you think I like splinters?
Your prints are a match.
That’s a Photoshopped fin if I ever saw one. My lawyer will eat you for breakfast.
Its a loan. So what.
Now this jury that you speak of, will it be your peers or mine?
What happened to 'Good Carp--Bad Carp'?
Well officer, he shouldn't have been kicking around my dinner; Who's really at fault here?
So what's the charge? 'Ordering off the menu?'
Of course I don't recognize him. Do you remember what you had for dinner last week?
Have I see him? No. Eat him? Very possibly.
I am positive...that's the loan shark who vandalized my property.
I keep tellin ya, it was a frenzy, I saw nothun!
His name was Ahab you say ?
Sharknado?... Never heard of him.
Yes, I recognize him. I ate him, so what? He was delicious. You gotta problem with that, Mac?
...you know--THIS--this realllllllly isn't your week....
Never eaten him before in my life.
It wasn't love at first bite.
 I told you the guy you are looking for is a narc.
So according to you, this man was trapped in a cage? And you tried to get him out?
I knew she was jail bait!
He signed up for this loan.
If I know anything, he's swimming with the fishes by now.
Every time a surfer goes missing you guys drag me in here.
So I charged a little extra on the loan...is it a crime? Since when is it a crime to lend a friend a little money?
That looks like an old chum of mine.
We've got evidence of you taking the bait.
I guess we all look the same to you?
I don't mean to speak out of school, but once you've seen one plankton you've seen them all.
I wanna talk to my lobster.
You can't hold me. That guy was in international waters.
I don't tell tales out of school.
That's him, he definitely jumped me. You call him the Fonz?
See, we can prove you weren’t on ‘Shark Tank’ when he was murdered.
Yeah, that's him. That's the guy that jumped me.
Forget it, flatfoot. You'll never convince me to speak out of school.
What do mean that's my signed confession?
Read it and weep, Detective. Now bring me my client.
That can't be me! I was auditioning for Shark Week when that happened.
That's the guy who hit my little friend. He's Japanese and has a club.
That doesn't prove I'm a loan shark.
I eat guys like you for breakfast.
He attacked me first with his snorkel.
I'm tellin' ya', it was self defense!
I'd like to exercise my right to an attorney. The last one tasted funny.
Why do you assume that the aggressor was me?
I already told you. I don't know who's at the top of the food chain.
For the millionth time, I’m vegan.
Ironically, actually spilling my guts is the only way you'll get the license plate on that getaway car.
I tell you I never had sex with that intern.
Moby? Moby Tom, Dick, or Harry?
You're asking a shark to identify a lawyer?
How did I not make the cut for Shark Tank? I though eating Trump alive would be a valuable proposition for the bureaucrats- not a crime.
I was in school; those can't be my fin prints
Wasn't me. Those things are full of gluten.
I'm just a fish out of water here, guys.
Yeah. It's a seal. Chewed in half. So what?
Last time, I saw him, he was swimming with the fishes.
'Did you approve this loan'?
I had her for dinner. So?
Curved fin, fat tail, phony smile...THAT is a dolphin!
Exorbitant? You try moving those condos.
You got me , I had my eyes rolled back.
Don't recognize 'em. I keep telling you: smelling is more important than seeing!
That behavior is in my DNA, but it is not my DNA.
Bring a 100,000-gallon tank of water, then I'll talk.
I'm swear - I never saw that surfboard in my life!
You've got the wrong guy, I was never even near Lake Placid!
Yes that is him, I recognize his fin tattoo, does that get me the reward?
not true. I only caught the right thigh and buttock.
These dental records are all the evidence we need
You got the wrong gal guy - I never slept with Luca Brasi
Notice the resemblance? This came from the surfer's GoPro camera just before you ate him!
I can't read cursive.
That ain'[t me.Did you check my dental records?
I don't know nothin' about that stump. Looks like Moby D's work.
Yeah, that's him, always has the best remoras stuck to him.
OK--I confess. I did it. Just couldn't resist those tentacles !
so I swim with sharks - doesn't everybody?
Guys, I am a vegetarian!
Do I look look like a rat?
Bruce was speechless when confronted with the consequences of his predatory lending.
I had to kill him - he sleeps with the fishes
Quinn? Quinn who?
I'm telling you. We don't eat agents.
I told you, I was at a Trump event with my daughter.
I can't tell them apart. They all taste like chicken.
thank you for showing me your explicit steven universe fan art
Who?? No, I did not know or eat Kevin O'Leary.
Yeah, that's Jenkins. I eat guys like him for breakfast.
You think we all look the same, don't you?
It ain't me. Dat's uh poorpuss!
I've never seen that arm in my life, officer.
'That can't be me- I only wear sharkskin suits'.
I bet a fin he's the guy who perpetrated a bait and switch on my best chum!
All those cod look alike to me.
So what? So what if I wasn't at the ABA convention like I said.
Just cause I run a worthless unsecured mortgage investment fund doesn't make me a loan shark!
You call that evidence! Those charges won't hold water, particularly underwater. or - Those charges won't hold up underwater.
Yes, I ate him last week.
You made a loan to the wrong person this time
'I never heard of this Mack the Knife'.
You've lost Nemo again?
And I'm telling you my GRANDFATHER ate Quint, not little bitty me.
It wasn't me. I have implants. You can check.
Yeah, that's uncle Luca sleeping with the fishes, all right! But where I'm from that means he's getting friendly with the neighbors.
I swear I didn't do it on porpoise
Lots of sharks have three sets of teeth! Anybody could have done that!
So, you deny that these are your tooth marks?
Forget it. I 'm no schoolie!
Is this person inside you?
Who told you Luca Brasi swims with us?
My alibi? May I ask you to check with Ms. Katy Perry?
Of course, it's Tiffany Stewart. We all know who she is, this is not some secret you know.
No, that's not Mack the Knife either.
You know the loan shark code. Never sign a confession!
I never had nobody canned.
I'll say it again. I've never been to Sea World.
Sorry, I just never look at faces.
That guy?! Oh yeah, I remember him. Talk about heartburn!
Yeah, I know that guy. He always seemed a little fishy.
I'm tellin' ya I wasn't anywhere near that school...
No thanks, I'm full.
Light meat, dark meat -- they all taste the same.
Nah, never seen him before - - - oh, it's a mirror? Why did'n ya say so.
Yeah, I recognize Fonzie. But I'm completely innocent since he was trespassing when he water-skied through my back yard.
You spelled my name backwards. It's KaRiSH in Hebrew.
The money he bought that with was a gift, not a loan.
You're fired!
So what? We were chummy...
I'm innocent, it was the killer whale.
Hey, that was no chum of mine!
That's me without the toupee!
Nope -- never made a loan to him either.
I said--'You have the right to remain silent ....'
More like a hammer.
Swimmers? I don't know nothin' 'bout no missin' swimmers.
Those aren't my teeth. I want my lawyer!
I was in the tank at the time, I swear!
'Hold that still! Is 'Deluxe' 'Fries or Slaw' or 'Fries AND Slaw''?
your story sounds fishy
Sammy the Seal? Yeah, I knew him. He sleeps with the fishes now.
No need for a Miranda warning, I'll be representing myself.
did you cause the shark-nato ??
Looks delicious, but I never seen him before.
Those god damn lifeguards, am I right?
Yeah, I know Spielberg. So what?
I didn't eat her either. I'm telling you, you've got the wrong Land Shark!
Alright fellas, I confess! That's the guy I ate. But I didn't do it on porpoise.
I have TMJ; I only wish I could do something like that.
OH yea,tasted like chicken
I would have remembered that bathing suit.
I can't sing it, but I can hum it for you.
OK, I confess. I ate him but he was a loan shark!
You can't prove that's my dorsal fin.
I'm concerned with our cultures fast food upgrade vulnerabilities.
I'm not the one you want because I would never eat anyone that skinny.
'You can't prove that's my client. He has an airtight alibi on the night in question.
C'mon man, all sea lions look the same to me.
That's not what they taught me at Harvard
I'm tellin' ya, I don't tell no tales outta school.
I Dunno, I told ya. They all look the same to me.
Recognize Gilda Radner now?
Jerry? Sure he's a whale, a real high roller. But a killer whale? Doesn't have it in him.'
I want a second opinion.
Not all killer sharks are killers,you know.
I can't read that, move a little closer.
I can't put a fin on it, but it looks fishy.
Does that look like seaweed? How many times do I have to tell you, I'm a vegetarian!
I told you, 'you are after the wrong sharks!'
Hard to tell its a red herring all right, but but it might not be THE red herring
I'm not the loan guy!
I would have noticed those legs.
Does this look like sustainable tuna to you?
It wasn't murder. it was sushicide.
If the waterboarding didn't break me, you think flashcards will?
That's the guy who tried to jump me.
I tell ya, he answered to old chum !
I have been a vegetarian for 14 months-if you pump my stomach all you'll get is kelp.
Yes I recognize her. She had great legs.
Yeah, you could say he was a chum.
All fin and well, I'm not in the soup yet. Just table that until I get a lawyer from the pool, somebody who speaks my language.
Yep, I'm sure it was the Fonz.
How come every guy you show me is wearing a sharkskin suit?
747, no doubt.
He was my chum. Why would I eat him?
I didn't bite her. I never met her. I don't go for that kind of food.
It shouldn't matter WHAT toothpaste I use; I don't know any Dentist Five.
Yes, I can, and if you look closely, Sherlock, it says 'L-o-n-e' Shark, not 'L-o-a-n' Shark.
I demand my right to an attorney for consultation, representation, ingestion, and digestion.
I tell ya I don't eat surfers. I'm latex intolerant.
Yhat's correct officer. This new, environmentally friendly program endorsed by the U S Fish and Wildlife Service is called 'Catch and Release'.
Yeah, I seen him. He hangs around a few sand bars near Jersey.
Yeah, that's him alright. That's the one that bit me.
Alright already! They put me on Shark Tank. What was I supposed to do?
I already told you, it wasn't me who peed in the pool............
I heard about being grilled eventually, but is this the way?
Sure, it looks like me...it's a shark!
'Alright. One more 'dah-dum' at the end, then I'll sign it.'
Yes, I identify that man as Damien Hirst.
Yeah, he used to work for me; now he sleeps with the wiseguys.
I dunno. You humans all look alike to me.
You're looking for Mac the Knife.
To the best of my recollection, I don't recall
What's this! Every time one of these start-ups go belly up I get called in?
Never saw him. I keep my eyes closed when I'm eating.
Told ya is was a Jet.
I didn't really get a good look at him --- he kept moving.
Ya, Louie Miller, so what?
Yeah I know him-- Friday's dinner--so what?
No.... It was a YELLOW submarine that stole my lunch
It's not Rorshark, you idiot.
Clearly I misunderstood the meaning of Shark Week
Where were you the last night of shark week?
Never ate 'em
Wad data think, I'm a dolphin?
Oh no--Macheath is back in town!
Not her. She's just jail bait.
E, F, P, T, O, Z...
I don't recognize none of 'em - it was a bloody feeding frenzy!
Of course I ate him! I'm a shark, stupid!
There is no 'good cop' or 'bad cop'-- only 'cop tartare'.
I don't recognize that leg.
...yeah,yeah,it's starting to come back to me. Now, how 'bout that glass of salt water?
If that's your alibi, it's pretty fishy. It won't hold water.
I already told yooz guys, Mac ain't sleeping with any of us fishes!'
Are you trying to take the Minke?
How should I know? My eyes were closed!
I don't know what your talking about....he practically swam into my mouth
He looks like someone I ate.
So what? I got a good deal on cartilage implants from Dr. Zizmor.
He bit me first.
E fp toz?
Recognize this arm???
Could I get a glass of water?
You might want to pick another disguise, Mr. Madoff.
Blackfish lives matter.
David, What the hell is water?
Yeah, that's Charlie. He left a bad taste in my mouth.
Well, it sure looks like a boating accident to me.
Chinese is fine by me. I'll have the General Tso’s Chicken, with a side of fried rice, and no chop sticks.
You think I'm a barracuda?
Hey fellas for the last time I am telling you he was dressed like a seal
Those can't be my toothmarks.
Your kidding right? A fish out of water citation....
Why would I bite her? I,m a vegetarian.
I saw him yesterday after the school.
That's not me! Anyone can see that's a mako!
Every time a swimmer goes missing, you guys drag me in here!
Not my work. I identify as dolphin.
I am not the one responsible for Sharknado
Nope, never seen that family of sardines before.
Faces don't mean nothin' to me. Show me the feet.
It's quite obvious I'm not your man.
The white guy did it!
What can I tell you? The system is still trying to keep me down!
You'd better find other fish to fry.
What? A menu listing? My price is higher than you can afford.
How do I know its her...I only saw the leg!
I agree. Idris Elba deserved an Oscar nod. What?
You think I could eat that squid?
Sorry, salmon all look the same to me.
That's the last time I post a lunch pic on social media.
You think I remember what Richard Dreyfuss looked like 40 years ago?
He's swimming with us.
I'll sign anything. Just no more water boarding, okay?
Does this leg look familiar to you?
I'm only talking to Detective Sgt. Fish.
Yeah, I'm sure. He tasted like chicken.
I did not swallow the guy to let him speak with you!
Of course you owe me. Remember, I'm a lone shark.
For the last time, I haven't been to Martha's Vineyard, and I don't know Steven Spielberg.
'is this steven spielberg, or nt?????
I ate the evidence.
Not until you apologize!
I want to speak to my Cousin Vinny.
He's not a shark- he's a jet.
I don't recognize him, but let me chew on it a while.
I have a brother who will represent me.
But I'm a vegetarian!
Maybe, maybe not. Look, there’s a lot of surfers out there.
Yes, that's the foot that assaulted me. Please arrest it.
I never laid a fin on the guy...I did; however; loan him some money....
I was in the Pacific that day.
The bikini looks familiar but the face is a blur...
I'm a humanist. I confess.
I want to call my lawyer. He's my brother.
I keep telling ya, I don't know nothing about a bad loan from Mr. Remora.
No that is NOT me with a detective in my teeth!!
Hey Einstein, do I look like a stool pigeon to you?
I'm telling you guyses, I ain't takin the bait......See!
Yeah, that's the guy Detective, with his leather jacket and slicked back hair. Some big TV star, I hear. But, I tell you, I had to do it. Nobody does that to a shark!
We have your client dead in the water
Suke Tawdry? Jennie Diver? Sweet Lucy Brown? I don't know, ask Mack!
OK, his teeth are shiny white. But I'm tellin' ya - I've never seen or heard of this Mack the Knife guy.
I never loaned money to nobody, now where's my lawyer!
'O.K., so bring me a nice fat attorney; I'm hungry.
I see a lotta slippery characters down there!
Maybe this bar tab from Sea World will jog your memory.
I told you, I don't swim in those waters. And what's with the Food Warmer lamp?
What are you implying? That's clearly the work of an amateur.
Now 'Cmon Sir you were seen on the corner of Broadway and Wall with a certain Mr. Trump
No problem on rights at a fresh meal with dessert.
I've never even been to Sea World!
Vegan sharks eat only seaweed and seagrass.
Doesn't look familiar. Do you have a blood sample?
To catch a predator
I'll ask you one last time. Were you, or were you not, the one on the left?
I'd spit on your evidence if I had a tongue.
Could you repeat the question. I'm hard of herring.
I don't give a damn what he calls himself; that's Mack the Spoon!
Also not an associate. I told you, I'm a lone shark.
I already told you, it was Shark Week!
They all taste the same to me.
Yeah...That's the loan agreement. So what?
I'm a lawyer. You don't have to read me my Miranda rights.
Hey! Installing a one-way mirror on a glass bottom boat is a violation of my civil rights.
Swear to gills, I have /never/ seen that leg before!
Yeah, that's sharkskin, but it still isn't me.....
Ok, Brendan, we want you to tell the truth now...
Sure I know him, he owes me a 100 bucks.
I told you, those surfer dudes all look the same
Then he says, 'Bite me!' What was I supposed to do?
For the last time, I'm a WHITE shark!
it's nothing I could sink my teeth into.
'Like you've never looked at the swimsuit issue?' (note: 'you've' is italicized.)
Trust me, waterboarding isn’t going to get the results you want.
You really believe that I look like him?!
I'm not so good with faces, officer. I'm more of a leg man.
Surfer, what surfer? Like I told ya..it was a sea lion.
Sure, I seen 'em...he sleeps with the fishes.
Uh oh, looks like Old Macky's back.
I don't have my glasses.
I'm innocent, don't you see? That's an underbite!
What? I said he was sleeping with the fishes, didn't I?
Detective, are you trying to shock me or make me hungry?
Nah, not our guy. He's a Jet.
Yea I bit him, he was in my ocean!
Close, but he had shiftier eyes.
I'm allergic to seafood.
And when I woke up my cellmate was missing.
Yeah, that's the guy without a bigger boat.
I told you already - I've never seen those legs before!
I'm telling you guys, I was at a feeding frenzy that night.
You've got the wrong guy, I'm Great Whitey Bulger
Yeah, that may be my rap sheet, but that's not the guy who's look in' at you now.
what do you know about this missing lawyer?
I'd like to speak with a lawyer!!!!
Hey, why pick on me? My loans HELP people!
Are you sure you don't recognize this swimmer.
No, I've never seen him before, and I'm serious: I Can't Breathe!
Charlie Tuna? Nah, never heard of him.
I'm telling you, I don't know how that leg got in my stomach.
He swims, I snap. Hey, it's what I do, copper!
Yeah, I know her. Her name is Hope. She's a Great White.
No, this guy had concrete feet.
I'm just gonna let the cell phone video tell the whole story.
As I said earlier, I was at school the night of the aback.
I'll make it easy for you - salt water only
Jonah? Jonah who? Nope. Sorry... (burp) Never seen the guy.
OK, OK ... Just stop with the air-boarding already!
Impossible! I'm vegan.
The moment True Detective jumped the shark.
Ok. So I eat my losses!
Yeah, well this remorseless eating machine doesn't like anything on your cafeteria menu.
Doesn't look like any chum of mine.
It figures Moby would go spouting off
No, that's not the bad cop, that's the good cop. In fact, they were both very good.
I keep telling you I'm the lawyer!
I keep telling you, the guy who jumped me had a leather jacket and a quiff.
I see. I see, Cee Cee ... See if you can see me back to to sea, see?
Why 'ya showin' me small fry?
Never seen him before, but he looks delicious.
How should I know? All sharks look alike to me, too.
It's hard to tell. Do you have any pictures of her underwater?
He sleeps with the fishes. We ALL sleep with the fishes.
He had a lot of anemones.
He should'a gotten a bigger boat.
I can only tell you what he tasted like.
I'm FINished with this... Who you callin' 'CHUM?
Stop playing dumb, Doris, or you'll wind up in hot water.
I know we made a deal, but I thought you wanted him dead or alive.
Sure, I seen him. He swims with the fishes!
I already know the rules.
Is this 'To Catch a Predator?'
I ain't answering no more questions till I get a big glass of water.
Yea, he looks delicious, but I didn't eat him.
No, I said Roy Shark…but if you squint that does kinda look like him.
So I slipped again. Let's just say I wear a pacemaker and thought it was my last supper.
Ya got the wrong guy. Never been in Loch Ness in my life!
Yes! That was him. Called himself Trump and I knew it was fishy
I am calling my lawyer but I warn you; he's a shark!
I'm no stool pigeon!
Her name was Ariel.
Yeah, that's my lunch. So what?
I know nothing of Miranda's Rights or his Leftovers
Don't pretend you can't read. !
Yeah, ok, maybe. But maybe he shouldn't have been wearing my friend's teeth around his neck either.
I confess the waves were steep, the water a frigid minus below, and the kids were gnashing their teeth.
I told you, I've never seen those legs and feet before.
I said he was my chum, and that's all I'm saying until my lawyer gets here.
I remember him. I found him distasteful.
Yes, I am a shark, but I would never, ever push loan terms like those.
No, I havent given any loan.
I'm not that good with faces. Have you got a picture of his legs?
Yeah, I know the guy. He borrowed ten grand.
Okay I did it, but I was just trying to get a leg up on Ralph.
Sure I know him, but I hear he's swimming with the fishes now.
No, I'm right shark. Left shark is the one you want.
Yeah, I made him a couple of loans, copper. Big Deal.
Isn't this a little outside of your jurisdiction?
Yea, that's him. That's the Jack of Clubs.
I'm telling you, she was killed by the vending machine.
That's him. Robert Shaw.
He bit me first it was self defense
I'm more card shark than man eater.
For the umpteenth time, —I'm a lone shark, not a loan shark.
Benchley? Spielberg? Never heard of them...
You're mistaking me for that killer whale.
Don't know him. I was a lone shark.
once again, just because i freaked when i smelled dori's blood doesn't mean i ate her.
He called me mum a bitch. Wanted me to smile about it ...I'd say he had it coming.
I'm the shark that bites. You're looking for Mack the Knife.
Look, Maria will vouch for me. You should be talking to a Jet.
Movies aren't real life, detective.
He's swimming with the fishes.
Look, I can't say I recognise him - have you got a shot of the legs?
Is this edible?
I demand to eat my attorney.
Officer, that's a mammal, and I'm a vegetarian.
Do you recognize this bite mark?
I admit that I am guilty...but, I keep telling you, there were no accomplices, I was a lone shark.
I told you, I was asleep at the time.
Yeah, OK, so the victim had bite marks. So what? What's that have to do with me?
Yes, that's the guy. Can I get back in the water now?
Ate her, too.
They weighed into my eating contest moment by moment...I gotta say I responded in a very befitting manner.
I told ya man....I never saw that pool hall
No, his teeth weren't that pretty.
I told you. I don't look before I eat.
Do you recognize this surfboard?
I want to see a lawyer. Oh wait, I am a lawyer.
He tasted good!
This is because I'm not a great white, isn't it?
That client got what he deserved.
Yeah, like I said, I don't do vegans.
Never lent him a dime!
Trump may have asked me for some advice on his campaign, when I was beached in Atlantic City, but I didn't do anything illegal!
Yeah, like I said, I went vegan.
Yes, I have received my Miranda Rights. Move on!
Okay so the cement shoes look familiar, but I don't swim with those fish.
That's Tony our collector--I just made the loans
Even loan sharks have Miranda rights.
I am acting as my own attorney.
That's not left shark.
You look like that O'Leary guy I just wasted.
Let's skip the preliminaries and get straight to the water boarding.
You're going to need a bigger bluff.
Sure, I'll sign a confession. Now, where did I put my hands ... ?
For the eighth time if he does not have gills I do not know him.
I swear I've never seen those toes before!
I've never seen him before in my life. But his boat looks familiar.
You don't know Moby Dick from a pool shark?
How do my teeth look?
That's her! Always surfing topless and reeking of booze. Your mom was delicious.
You obviously don't know much about sharks. I am a hammerhead nor a great white that you are looking for.
I was a lone that night, not a loan shark!
You never read my client his rights, that confession's worthless.
Give a man to a fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Is it my handwriting? What do you think?
He threatened to break every bone on my body. Obviously, he didn't know me very well.
Yeah, that's him! Cuban...Mark Cuban. He's the one that took my place on the show!
He'll never surface
It's just like I told you, I ate him Tuesday for breakfast. What's the problem, officer?
I didn't take anyone's leg. The guy you're looking for weighs 40 tons, is white and has a harpoon sticking out of his kidney.
He was a chum, if you know what I mean.
Yeah, that looks like the long arm of the law.
I already told ya, I've never seen that leg before.
Seal, sea lion, surfer...they all look the same to me.
I'm innocent, but it smells kind of fishy.
18% What do you mean 'is that your card' ? I told you, I am NOT a card shark.
If you cooperate, I may be able to convince the judge to let you keep your week.
No, I would have eaten the surfboard too.
So, the Shark Club had some Fin Soup made for me!
So it's a bunch of shrimp. Don't your guys eat shrimp?
Of course I’m a predator, but I’ve never seen that school of fish.
You got me confused for a loan shark who gives a damn
How may times do I have to tell you? That's Charlie the Tuna, not me!
Hammerhead, schmammerhead. It's a Great White.
Is the suspect a member of the Jets or the Sharks?
Johnny Tuna is a friend. Nothing more. We're from different schools.
Does your arm have any last words?
Yeah, that's the Jet that started it.
It's upside down dummy, and you're holding it a little too close to my blind spot!!
I didn't really get a good look at him. It was dark and murky.
Nope, not my work. Paleo makes me gassy.
Stop showing me the same picture!
Yeah, that's the clown fish. He looked at me funny.
So what am I looking at here, chum?
Yes, I remember him hanging around the school
Yeah, I know da dame; she use 'ta swim here every summer with her family. Yeah, dame's got only one leg. So what?
Try matching the teeth marks, I dare ya!
Seriously, do I look like a predator to you?
I want to speak to my anchovy.
Let's forget this interrogation nonsense and get on with the waterboarding.
His boogie board was smaller with an orange stripe on it.
We're not baiting you. We seriously think this chum did it.
Yea, we spawned. So what?
I am Lone Shark not Loan Shark.
Stop it--I've watched 'Making a Murderer.'
Yea, that's the guy who jumped me. He wasn't so tough. A little chewy maybe.
We know you're guilty the evidence is in the films
I'm tellin ya, I never seen dat arm before!
Yes, I'm sure that is the little girl who attacked me in shallow water!
Oh! Was that MY lawyer?
No, I don't know what 'vig' means!
Buddy, that's a hammerhead. Do we all look the same to you?
Look, I see a lotta guys swimming everyday. Maybe I saw him. But that don't mean I ate him!
You're not in international waters anymore.
I don't care what Spielberg says, I didn't do it......
How could I ever get my fins on a weapon like that?
I’m not *that* kind of predator!
Yeah I ate the damn penguin!!!! Showing me a picture of it doesn't do crap. They all look the same. That's why they mate for life.
No, I did not eat my client.
Give me the dolphin, I talk.
Doesn't look familiar. My eyes were rolled back at the time.
Can you bring it a little closer...chum?
I never put loans in writing.
You call this a menu?
Looks like chum. Can I go now?
How should I know? I'm a Land Shark!
Look, for the 100th time, Mr Limpet got it all wrong. I was nowhere Cape Cod last week.
I'm off the hook! I would never harm a little koi.
Keep shoving that thing in my face and you'll find out.
I'm not talking until I regurgitate a lawyer.
Sorry, I only see in black and white.
Of course he's swimming with the fishes, he's a shark
Yeah? So? You dangle a cage in front of me with food in it? I call that entrapment.
Always a shark never a dolphin.
Officer, what are you fishing at?
We've got to get a bigger boat. What the hell does that mean?
I'm not good with faces... Do you have a picture of their legs?
No, officer, I don't know him. We don't all know each other.
I'm going to ask you one more time; what did you do with the rest of him?
The dirty Rat's trying to frame me.! I haven't worked that beach for years...
Recognize that leg?
Dead fish
Could you hold it a little closer?
He had a hat.
The dame is Lucy Brown and the guy with the knife is 'Mack'.
That's her! I'll never forget that overbite.
No, I don't recognize him. There's a lot of fish in the sea.
something smells pretty fishy
Sorry but all surfers look alike to me.
Look, Sharknado was just a movie, ok?
I don't recognize that leg, or any of the others. You pigs aren't pinning this rap on 'ol Clark here!
Why do you keep showing me Candygrams? For the last time, I didn't kill Mrs. Arlsbergerhh!
Is this the witch that cast the spell?
Are my eyes really brown?
I keep telling you guys - that beach is totally safe!
Occasionally I'll eat someone alive, so sue me....at least I don't randomly shoot people on 5 th avenue!
Look here, Pal, I said 'dorsal'.
I'm innocent, I tell you. That's Robert, not me!
Never ate him before.
He was moving too fast to see his face but I'd recognise his tail anywhere!
When I last saw him, he was swimming with the fishes.
What can I say? In my line of work, I see a lot of red bathing suits.
As a matter of fact, he did taste like chicken
This is a case of mistaken identity: I am a tiger shark, not an evil 'loan' shark.
The fifth and final suspect was brought in for jumping the shark.
I'm on a diet, just coffee.
Sure I ate him. He was a chum of mine.
Say what you want – all I see is a duck.
Nah, his boat was smaller.
You're wasting your time, copper. Real sharks don't talk!
Last I heard, he was in witness protection at Sea World.
one arm. that's him.
A fish out of water deserves better treatment!
You're saying this man, Mark Cuban, is the one who attacked you?
It could have possibly been done by lions, tigers, or bears.
I can take your taste detector test.
I wasn't rolling my eyes at you. I'm just getting hungry.
Yeah I know him - he's my chum. What of it?
Thrash it around a little.
Yeah, great job. But our agreement was a new identity.
The guy yelled 'Hey, Chum!'....so I went for it...
Yeah, yeah. She hangs around the Blue Reef.
No. He's a little more hammer headed.
``That's the way it goes; he owed me money, he didn't make the payments, so I ate him.
I told you... I'm vegan!
No, I can't tell...he was wearing a wetsuit
I did not have sex with that barracuda.
Yeah, I was at the frenzy, but I did not bite.
All I know is, I saw a one-armed man leaving the scene!
Alright, you caught me! I hooked up with her last night at the pier.
I ate him years ago.
I told you, it was self-defence. That guy was after my fin.
Yer gonna need a bigger bad cop.
It was such a frenzy at dinner, I don't know who ate him.
Sure. I played a couple of games of 8 Ball with him. But he said he had to be moving on. Why?
I'm not going to take the bait!
I assumed they were international waters, sir.
The fava beans and chianti prove nothing.
Muscles Marinara. He's the enforcer for Clams Casino.
Yeah that’s them, Red Fish, Blue Fish.
This was in the 'Shark Tank.' I plead extenuating circumstances!
Look, you break the rules of Marco Polo you pay the price.
According to the Urban Dictionary, Party Sharking is not crashing little kids sand castles on the beach.
Looks like someone wants to play 'good cop, dead cop'
They all look like chum to me.
I was nowhere near that bloodbath.
For sure Mack, that's the knife!
Officer, I just don´t see how I could possibly fit the profile!
You ain't pinnin' the heist at Nobu on me!
I don't care what the evidence shows, my client didn't do it.
Look buddy, sharks don't have Miranda rights!
Never seen this Jet in my life
Yeah, that's him all right. Back in the day we used to swim in the same circles.
The longer you Coppers grill me, the tougher I'm gonna get, see!
Of course I did it in cold blood you idiot, I'm a fish!
I haven't seen that shark since Alcatraz.
That was no boating accident, Sherlock.
Sorry, I can’t remember past five seconds ago.
See here... that guy ain't no chum of mine.
You're gonna need a bigger 'boatload of evidence.'
I saw her with a suspicious looking white whale.
I already told you, I am NOT a leg man.
I only eat cruelty-free children.
We know you did it, now tell us where Flipper is.
You guys aren´t used to interrogating sharks, are you? Hold the photo where I can see it! And loosen my handcuffs, buddy!
I told you -- I spent Spring Break at the Cape this year.
Give him the deep end.
Hey, I'm a businessman. I loaned him money, sure.
No, I keep telling youse, the guy who jumped me was on a motorcycle.
I've already told you, I can't read.
I'll take the fish amendment.
No, I've never seen that dentist in my life.
That's not a photograph of me. I never smile.
Maybe Mackie's back in town -- didja think of that?
Henry Winkler? No, I don't know anybody named Henry Winkler. That guy told me his name was Fonzi.
It's Jack The Knife
SHE WAS SOME PIECE OF TUNA
I told you, I'm a lover not a biter.
Hey, that was 41 years ago!
It was a Jet, alright
Here's the sushi menu.
Yes, I already told you I vacationed in Amity that summer!
Yeah, he was my chum. So what of it?
Sharknado 13: The Interrogation
Yes sir, that's the man who jumped me.
He'd still be alive if he hadn't called me 'a great honky shark.'
I keep telling you guys I'm a committed Vegan!
Yeah, that's him. Lousy swimmer. Tasted a lot like chicken.
All I'm seein right now is your chubby little arm.
I'm not sure, move it a little closer?
Sure I recognize him, we were in the same school.
Not another word until I've eaten a lawyer.
Sharks don't snitch!
This proves you're the loan shark we've been looking for!
. Free Willy
That's a typo. I'm a l-o-n-e shark!
Naw! And I ain't ever been to Amity Island.
So you're telling me we've got the wrong shark?
Well, I wouldn't have eaten him had I known he was your chum.
No, that's not him. He had more life in the eyes. Just creepy.
Do you recognize this caviar in this photo?
Nope, not him. My guy had two legs.
Fressluenza.
For the last time, I don't talk until I can eat my lawyer.
Hey! I am a lawyer
Look, you think I don't know genuine salt water mahi-mahi when I see it? I'm not biting on that old trick.
She's a real beauty...are those fins from reconstructive surgery?
I'm a fish, not a rat.
Nope. All those suckers look the same to me!
Stop calling me Chum.
No matter what that says; I'm no loan shark.
I don't remember the floral tie, but that could be him.
Those teeth marks could have come from anywhere.
Told youse already, I ain't no loan shark!
Looks like him---I thought it was a stupid idea.
I told you already--I don't recognize that smell.
Nah, man. I only eat organic, sustainable, wild fish.
Not me. I'm a card shark not a pool shark.
Like I already told you guys, I ain't never seen that tuna before in my life. Urrrrp.
Not that it's any of your business, but ladyfish don't do it for me.
It's not me, I was at a feeding frenzy
I swear, Officer, he had both legs last time I saw him.
Off limits, that's dorsal profiling if you ask me.
I already told you, it all looks like plankton down there.
Look, all I know is that guy said he was looking for a loan!
So what you're telling me is that you have a blind spot AND a fishy alibi?
It's not my fault! He was in my home and wearing a mask.
No, that one already sleeps with my buddies too...
I need my glasses.
Yeah, that's Louie Miller alright, but don't pin this on me. Five'll get ya ten old Macky's back in town.
I'm afraid it's back to 'Shark Tank' for you.
You get one phone call. Here's the menu for Sushi Delight.
Being able to taste him would help me make an identification>
Yeah, that's him alright- the only surviving witness to the cold-blooded attack on my good pal Moby. They call him Ishmael
Nah, the guy I had was skinnier.
Hey, I ain't talkin' even if you waterboard me!
Yeah, that's the loan shark.
I'm telling you, he's no chum of mine.
Again, my name's not Miranda!
Our X-Ray of your stomach proves my point.
Don't think that you can threaten me with a Shark fin soup recipe.
Surfer... surf & turf... whatever.
Oh, I get it, good cop/bad cop, right? He says he'll put me in an aquarium and you say you will turn me into harkarl if I don't confess.
Alright, I'll do it......but I'm not wearing a tag......
He's the one who tricked me with the bait & switch.
Impossible! I'm a Vegetarian!
Can't quite put my finger on him. Do you have a blood sample?
Bite Marks ? Not mine.
Of course I know Charlie the Tuna!
I never tasted him before.
I could never confuse a garish tattoo like that with real food.
His name's Finn, I'd put a tail on him.
Show me the other leg.
How could I plug a freeloader like Joey Remora with no trigger finger?
I’m tellin’ ya for the last time I ain’t never seen that kid or his raft in my life!
I don't swim in that part of the water. Those aren't my (tooth) prints, and you can never prove otherwise.
Why are we always the usual suspects?
Yes, that's him! He's the real shark!
He was delish!
Uh oh. They're pulling the good cop, bad cop routine.
No, I am NOT making JAWS 5. It's more than I want to swallow!
I ain't takin' the bait till you gets me some water.
Aw damn. That was my lawyer?
I suppose this is another loan you don't know nothing about.
Yes, I ate all five of those smug, arrogant bastards in 'The Tank'!
Yeah, I ate him. Nice work 'Sherlock'
Big deal. So last month I lent him some money. And last week he turns up in pieces on some beach. What does any of that prove?
400 million years to create the perfect killing machine, and you think I'd leave my tooth at the scene of the crime?
Yea, I loaned him the money. It's what I do.
What? Are you kidding me? That's bait...
Well he looks like a squirrel, but I guess that's my uncle...
They all look fishy to me!
Yeah, I knew him. I wouldn't call him a chum if that's what you're askin.'
Would you recognize the last cheeseburger you ate?
Kanye West's fingers?
I already told you, I've never seen that foot before in my life.
Like I said, I don't know no killer whales
It's the guy on the motorcycle. He jumped me!
How are you so sure it's me? We all look alike, you know.
Yes, the loan rate is of interest, but, no, that's not my signature!
Sorry, you all look alike to me.
I can't see it. Will you bring your hand a little closer? (Sam age 8)
Steven who?
Those are not my teeth marks! I have an underbite.
Sorry, I don't read Hammerhead cursive.
It's your Miranda Rights, Mr Shark.
Yes, I chewed off that leg, but I didn't swallow.
I don't know. This Wall Street people all look the same...
It's obvious to anyone those are barracuda bite marks.
Look, man, I don't care how many pictures you got. Those ain't my teeth marks.
Get Real! If I had done that, you never would have found the body.
Either I need my glasses, or you're gonna need a bigger note.
Not my finwriting.
This is nothing short of dorsal profiling.
I want a lawyer. Let me call my uncle Finny.
Last time I saw them, they said they were going to get a bigger boat.
One hit movie 40 years ago and we're all murderers
Yes, that's my brother, the loan shark.
Why would I eat a lawyer?
Why would I? I’m a vegetarian!
Hey man, I had no part of that!
I told ya. I'm afraid of pit bulls and won't finger him.
Talk or you're finished.
Whaddaya mean 'phlegmatical one, pale sot of the Maldive sea?'
Gruesome, sure, but it's not me. I always floss.
Fin to God, I have never seen that surfboard in my life..
You call those bite marks probable cause?
Delicious fresh taste...but I didn't catch the name.
No body, no crime.
I ain't talking until my lawyer gets here. She's also a shark.
I didn't steal anyone's invention. What shark tank are you talking about?
I told you. I don't even like little boys.
I don't care what Old MacHeath says, I didn't bite any body.
They call me 'The Man Eater.' That's a woman. Think about it.
Yes, I've worked for that loan company for six years, why do you ask?
I dunno, it coulda been him. All's I remember is that he tasted like chicken.
You've got the wrong guy - I don't even work in loans.
Recognize this dolphin?
O.K. it was me that crapped in the Mayor's yard. It was dark, I was in a hurry, I didn't know it was his yard.
You don't have to read me my rights. Can't you see straight? I AM an attorney.
What do you mean I'm not a legal U.S. citizen?
500 feet from a school, huh?
I told you already, that's not my card...
You really think I had a hand in this?
What do you think I am? A Loan Shark?
How many times do I have to say it ?It's a red herring!
I'm telling you: I don't swim with them.
We found your wife at the bottom of the ocean.
Nope...never seen that one before either (burp) hehe.
I ain't sayin' nuttin' til I know you guys ain't Latin Rite Catholics'
Your finprints are all over this letter.
Surf 'n' Turf
So, what do you'se guys want with me, anyway ? You want a confession? Hey! I'm nothing but a two-bit 'Loan-Shark', on the Lower South Side, see? Yea-a-a-a-a-h ! ? !
Ya ok, you're right; I did it to save my own fin...
Mick Fanning is mistaken, I was nowhere near South Africa at that time.
OK, so I did some time in the tank. So what?
If you think I'm cold-blooded, just wait until you meet my lawyer.
Macheath? Never heard of him.
I am telling you that is not me....are you sure that is not Johnny Manziel in disguise?
No, he doesn't look familiar. I tell ya, it wasn't me. To you guys we all look alike.
...I know you're just fishin' here.
Whaddaya mean, a Moving Violation?
I am NOT a great white collar criminal, officer.
Just got a leg. Never saw the face.
AHHHH!!! Get me in the water! I'm dying!! I need water to survive!!!
Mick Fanning? Sorry Never heard of him!
Wouldn't you also attack a man who entered your home wearing nothing but a speedo?
I swear I've never seen that leg in my life.
Couldn't say. You got a picture of his legs?
Statistically speaking, it's far more likely he was struck by lightning.
You've got it all wrong. He jumped me.
I told you guys twice already, you got the wrong dorsal.
Yeah, I'd seen the guy floating around. You might say he was my chum.
Yes, those do look like my bite marks, but you have to believe me, I'm a pescetarian.
She's lying. I didn't deliver a Candy Gram to that address.
He wasn't even that good, too salty.
Sorry. It's just so dark & murky down there it hard to tell who's who and what's what. Have you got a Tums?
That may be me--bring it a little closer.
Yeah, that's my client. Where do you have him?
That's a face. I don't know faces. I'm a leg guy.
I know my rights, but I can't call anybody under water!
But, look, that guy's got a gold tooth. It ain't me!
I'll tell you one last time: I've neither seen nor heard of Miss Lotte Lenya or old Lucy Brown.
I'll start with shrimp cocktail and follow that with tuna casserole.
Yeah, I loaned him money, so what?
I can't tell who jumped me without my glasses.
Call me racist, detective, but all these lousy sardines look the same.
'That dirty little stool-penguin'.
I knew one day she would end up on a body bag. Poor Ariel.
He says the porpoises and dolphins all look the same!
Yeah, that's Spielberg. Looks like I wasn't the only one who thought they got shafted on a residual deal.
I'm tellin' ya, ya want a guy named Moby Dick.
I didn't know her name was Miranda
I will confess if we can swim out to my domain and spend some quality time together....we can 'snak on the chum'....xoxo
No sir, I did not have sex with this woman.......
I liked the thigh photo better.
Sea this guy before?
You can plainly see why I had to disarm him.
I can't tell. The water was too murky.
Do you have a picture of him wearing a diving helmet?
I don' know nothin', but 'e could be somethin' I ate.
I told ya already, I ain't never seen that swimmer before.
Fine, I'll give you a loan for your donut shop -- usual rates. Now get me back to the tank.
Look, I told ya...I don't know this 'Mack the Knife' guy.
We are just checking your dental records, sir!
Guys, I'm just his attorney.
NO! I did NOT know that email was Top Secret when I sent it from my front yard!!!
I'm innocent I tell ya. You guys jumped the shark.
That whale owed me money.
Yeah, I recognize him. And where I come from we don't refer to them as `loan sharks!'
I keep telling ya I never heard of no Mack the Knife!
Nah, I don't recognize those juicy stubs...er knees
Witnesses place you at the medieval castle at the time of the incident
If it read 'natural born killer', I could make America great again.
Stop stalling and tell us the last time you saw Nemo!
'That's a script change from 'Jaws' and I had nothing to do with it. Wait... bring it closer...closer...closer.
I'm exercising my right to run silent.
Him I know. Got’m off Atlantic City.
My partner's now nigiri? Ok, I'll talk, but i want some water first.
Let's face it--if I were a Great White, I wouldn't be here.
For the last time, I don't know where my kid brother is, and I've never seen the ORCA before.
What's fishy?
That does look like one of my loans, but I was in Lake Como at that time.
'To you it's a surfer, to me it's bait.
You need to warn the people on the beach, not me!
I prefer the term 'high interest lender.'
Like I said, they ALL look like seals to me.
Last I saw him was halftime of the Super Bowl.
Keep fishin' you ain't got nuthin' on me.
That's him! That's the killer whale who raped me.
You know I keep kosher
Nah. Tony's a Jet, not a Shark.
I told you already, that's not me - that's my twin brother the lawyer.
Really? Do I look like a killer whale?
I've never seen that torso in my life.
Sign this and you can go.
I ate him. So what?
I dunno, the leg looks vaguely familiar.
It was just a snack.
I didn't kill that man, Detective! I am just a loan shark!
Of course he owed me. Who's gonna borrow money from a flounder?
No. I don't remember eating him.
Reel yourself in, Sarge. I may smell fishy, but I'm not rising to your cheesy bait.
It's not me. You know, there's a lot of sharks out there ...
I keep telling you guys, I don't know any Mack the Knife!
He jumped me first.
'Underwater confessions don't count.
Yeah, he was sleeping with the fishes before I ate him, ok?
Looks like a Japanese fishing boat to me.
Yeah, that's him all right--the one we call 'the Goldfish.'
I swear, I never saw him before in his life
Yeah, that's the guy that tried to kill me. That's Captain Quint!
Let me see the sushi menu.
You're lucky I already know my Miranda rights because I can't read.
That couldn't be me. I was still wearing braces then.
FYI: I'm getting hangry.
No, I don't recognize the dame. I'm not one of those morons who photographs every meal.
That's not my signature on the loan agreement. In fact, I can't even write.
Looks like a recipe for broiled shark.
Tuna?! I told you I'm a vegetarian!
The octopus wrote it; he's got a monopoly on the ink.
How am I supposed to remember what I had for lunch two days ago?
Too late. He's swimming with fishes now.
I swear, I never ate that guy in my life.
You know I can't read cursive!
'No, I've never seen that leg before. Burp.'
It was either the chef or me in that sushi bar.
I stand on the fish amendment.
No, I told you, I was to Katy Perry's right
I may be a fish out'a water but I'm no rat
You wanna move that a little closer? I could use an arm right now.
Let me guess...a white surfer picked me out of the line up!
I didn't eat that guy, I am vegeterian.
No, sorry. Looks nice, but I've never, EVER been to Amity Island.
I've never even been to Amity Island
You're wasting you're time–I'm not going to take the bait.
Has this Damien Hirst guy ever tried to contact you?
Nah, that's not me -- I don't go to frenzies any more.
Shark or Jet?
Big deal. The product deserved to die.
You're fishing and I'm not biting.
Oh this is what you've 'written' for me? OK, so, let's see: 'I'm fifty yards from the shoreline, hungry and I sees this human-looking seal - Oh, come on! Gimme a break.'
Yeah, I recognize him--he was delicious.
And what else can you tell us beside the fact that he always wears a sharkskin suit?
You got the wrong guy. My name is L-O-N-E shark!
Yes, that is me at a Jimmy Buffett concert.
Would you bring it a little closer?
Why don't you ask a dolphin, I don't even know what a school looks like.
He swam with the fishes, what do you expect?
I dont wanna play the blame game, but I saw a dolphin do it
Sure I know him, he was my chum
I wouldn't eat that guy if you paid me.
Yeah, I know the guy, but I didn't kill him - I only took off an arm.
'Can you identify this 'loan shark' ?
That Diver had it coming... and YOU do too Baldy, I'll eat you, your gun, your family AND your stinkin boat!!
No, I have not seen him. My eyes close while I eat.
This paper shredder leaves no trace.
You caught me.
Even if it is my tooth, I have no idea how it got there.
I told you it was a tuna. Stop showing me marlins.
Of course it sounds fishy.
Looks delicious, but it's not him.
I swear it looks like a donut from below.
For cryin' out loud.. I got caught up in your dragnet 'cause of that little reefer?
The dolphin did it.
Okay, so I have a fool for a client.
This license plate you coughed up is evidence you were at the scene!
Ok, Ok, so I ate him but he tasted awful and I had indigestion. I only turned myself in to get some Alkaselstser.
Never saw it before!
He said if I didn't help I'd end up swimming with the fishes
Showing me a card doesn't make me a card shark.
I did it in cold blood.
I have the bite evidence back!' 'Duunnn dunnn dun dun dun don't know what your talking about.
Don't recognize him. But I only saw half of him.
You have the right to remain silent. Any fish we find will be held against you.
Do I look like a Dolphin to you?
Big deal! I literally 'sleep with the fishes.'
Your shell phone records show you were the last one to talk to Charlie Tuna before he was killed.
Yeah, that's Charlie. I'm just sorry I didn't get to him first.
That's not my bite radius.
Like I said, I only like dark meat.
I'm telling you, it was a Jet.
Amity Island, 1975? Never heard of it.
I don't care what the statement says, I'm not signing anything until you give me a hand.
Like I told you, I'm not biting.
I recognize a bait and switch when I see one.
Ya got it all wrong! I'm not the top of the food chain anymore!
Your charging me for being a card shark?
Yeah, I recognize that guy, but I swear I spit him out.
I don't know. He wasn't over me that long.
What can I say; he was a chum.
So x-ray me! All I got was a shoe!
You've got the wrong fish, Mac. Sharks don't squeal.
Hmm, I can't quite tell. Can you come a little closer?
I don't know; I wasn't biting him on the face!
Sea food is enchanting but lacks a certain nutritional balance when unaccompanied by good vegetables.
So I'm a loan shark....at least I didn't add my loans together and sell tranches to the banks!
It is not me--You are looking for a Patent Shark!
Nah, not me. I was in school at the time.
He looks as good as he tasted.
How was I supposed to know they were an endangered species? To me they looked like just another school.
And what are you going to do if I refuse a DNA swab?
Do you think I need a surfboard? Ok, I took a bite out of it. So what?
O.K,it's a autopsy photo of the Director of JAWS 3,so what?
I don't care what the photo shows, I never slept with Luca Brazzi
You do know sharks can't talk, right?
Now, don't you try getting all chummy with me - I already ate.
Look, I was at home watching the debate on tv and was surprised like everyone else when Trump wasn't there.
No way, man. I wouldn't look twice at her; she's skin and bones. I like 'em fat and juicy.
Don't try to bait me, chum. I ain't biting.
What were their last words?
So I'm a shark and I make loans. What's it to you?
How many times must I tell you, 'I don't make loans!'
I never lent a cent to that guy or anyone else.
...and I would have gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for that damn cellist.
Mack? I don't know any Mack the Knife!
I already told you, I never ate him before!
That beach is not familiar and in any case I would never eat anything wearing yoga pants.
You're asking the wrong guy, coppers. I ain't a squealer.
I only smelled the blood.
Speilberg had it coming.
Me? A loan shark? Now you're just profiling!
I'm tellin' ya, I don't care what da song says, it ain't my knife, Mack.
Gill-ty!
Yea that's him Roy Schenider, he's the one that killed my brother.
Yeah, so what? Nowadays everyone takes pics of their food.
Nah, that's not the guy. He had one arm and a scared look on his face.
Naw! I quit snacking on little kids years ago. I'm strictly a pescatarian now.
I keep telling you guys - I'm a LONE shark, not a LOAN shark.
That's the guy! And, well...he had only one leg!
I agree--the signature does look fishy.
I'm in pretty deep, huh?
No, it's no me. For the last time, all killer sharks don't look alike.
Yeah. There's something fishy about him.
My bite is larger
He was missing that appendage when I met him.
Quint ! He was warned that he needed a bigger boat.
I swear, I've never seen this Nemo guy before.
What exactly does my Super Bowl performance have to do with this?
I'm nearsighted. I thought the snorkeler was a submarine.
Look closer. Doesn't it look fishy?
Yeah, that's him; that's Mack the Knife.
I was disrespected. He called me Charlie Tuna.
I only saw that the shark was big and white.
I'm not signing that confession. I keep telling you I'm a shark not a killer whale.
It's sonar, dude!'
I ain't talkin' so you might as well water-board me.
For the last time, I you can't make me finger anyone!
I ate my alibi. So what?
I keep telling you I'm a card shark, not a loan shark.
That was our Company picnic!
He jumped me, I didn't jump him.
I barely know her, we just had a bite together.
Yeah, that's just what happened. Like I said, the guy was trying to jump me.
Wow, Shark Sally's teeth marks
That will never hold water.
Can I get a bowl of water?
They all look alike, but a backlit surfboard? -- that's a recipe for disaster.
No, I don't recognize him; all human heads look the same to me.
Why yes, I'll have the ahi tuna rare.
I told you. I'm vegan, can't you tell?
No, sir, they were people-infested waters.
I don't care what it says, this shark ain't squealin'.
Is that take out ?
So I gave out a few bad loans. Bite me.
It ain't me. I ain't no loan shark.
Is this the guy you lent the money to?
Well look what we have here. A search warrant.
If I give you the head of the EPA, who's going to protect me?
Is there a picture of his belly button?
.....its 's .......It's the standard aquarium hiring contract., just sign, ok...'
Did he look anything like this picture of Luca Brasi.
Yes, I'd use the word chum to describe him.
Do you have a picture of her from the waist down?
I don't care what your red light camera shows. I am not the tiburon driving that Tiburon.
What overbite?
Recognize him? I never even saw Roy Scheider!
Bring me a photo of someone in a diving mask and just maybe I'll confess.
Look, I'm a shark. So what are we doing here?
Haven't seen him, but he looks tasty.
I have an alibi. I was on Shark Tank.
That's just his cellphone bill. I'm no loan shark.
Oh no, I guess you'll have to waterboard me.
I'm tellin ya, dem ain't my tooth marks.
You can grill me all you want, copper!
I couldn't have killed the tourist. I only eat local.
Sir, do you recognize the fin in this bowl of soup?
Yeah, I know the guy. He sleeps with the fishes.
You realize, of course, that if we arrest the jumper that you will have to move to Australia.
I know my rights! I want to speak to a dentist!
An arm? A leg? It was only a loan!
I keep telling you, I don't know nothing about no scarlet billows !
No, I did NOT take the bait!
Notice anything fishy?
Show it to my lawyers @ Sharkey, Cheatum & Good
Don't Miranda me.
Louie Miller disappeared. Macky's back in town. Sell it on Broadway.
I never saw that seal in my life.
Fellas, you got the wrong guy! I ain't no loan shark!
You could've just told me she wanted a divorce.
You know, officer, dragging me in here every time a limb goes missing is considered racial profiling.
Alright, I ate 'em... But how many years in the tank?
Where I come from, arm robbery isn't a crime
This whale looks like every other whale.
How many times do I need to tell you: I don't know this Trump guy!
Of course I recognize Richard Dreyfuss.
I don't know what he looked like. I just remember smelling blood.
'What does it say? I forgot my contacts on the boat.' (Of course I mean to say contact lenses but think contacts flows better for the caption. Regards,VB)
Look, how was I supposed to know he was a beloved subject of a children's animated film and thus protected by international copyright?
No dice. The last time I played ball with you guys, I ended up balancing one at Sea World.
Quit trying to bait me
Stop, I can't eat another thing, your holding tank was superb.
I'm just a loan shark, I tell ya!
Alright, you got me. Bring my client back into the room...
Yeah, yeah-he likes to hang out near the beach.
That's a Chanel sneaker! Spit it out!!!
In this instance, 'he sleeps with the fishes' is a factual statement rather than a turn of a phrase.
Are you really gonna believe the fisherman's tale?
Shark's don't deliver and I don't like Candy!
I'm telling you that's not one of my loans.
Yeah, that's the surfboard that attacked me. I was only acting in self -defense.
What about the presumption of innocence, detective?
And I say it's privileged information, as to whether or not I ate my client.
Look, for the last time...all I remember is they tasted like chicken.
Put me back in the holding tank so I can finish my dinner .
I told you. I was out swimming alone. And...I love lawyers.
Still looks fishy to me.
I claim the right to be hydrated.
I don't recognize him but he looks delicious!
Do you recognize this torso?
You're wasting your time. I don't even like surfers!
As a matter of fact we DID run that license plate number, so start talking...
I keep telling you, I'm the guy's lawyer.
I won't wave my Miranda rights.
Pearly White never done that, Babe. You want Mack the Knife.
Can the fish story, pal. We've been tracking your every move.
I'm no good with faces, let me smell his blood.
All I saw was his fin.
There's no crime here! Haven't you guys ever heard of the natural food chain?
I didn't do it. Now, to the waterboarding.
Yeah, it's a loan contract. What's the problem?
Why should I call a lawyer? I AM a lawyer.
Nope, I never made him a loan.
I haven't brought my specs with me. Could you bring it just a little closer?
Who says she didn't mean 'lone'?
This is just a fishing expedition!
I KNOW I have the right to an attorney. I AM an attorney.
You call 30% interest loan sharking?
You're charged with shark loaning.
Smells like blood, but I'll defer to the forensic pathologist.
Are these the rival Jets in question?
Yes, your son's drawing is very good, now can we get back to work?
I told you. I haven't seen my brother Stan in over a year.
We know he's hiding out somewhere in the Atlantic.
You guys trying to bait me again?
Look, pal! I don't know who this 'boogie boarder' is you're talking about. All I saw was a seal.
No, I don't know Sharkeesha, and you wouldn't be doing this if I were a Great White.
So another TV series went bad. Why you blaming me?
Those could be anybody's dental records.
That's him! The black and white whale. He's the real killer!
No, actually, I don't recognize that dorsal fin.
I'm swimming along, minding my own business and that guy slugs me in the nose!
That's him. One critique of Across the River and into the Trees, and I'm the bad guy!
That's her. I'd know those legs anywhere.
Jaws, but you didn't hear it from me.
Excuse me! I asked for tuna, not a piece of paper!
We don't all know each other.
That's the big tuna, alright.
We found your prints on this bloody hammerhead.
I plead not guilty by reason of instinct.
Is this your dentist bill?
I've seen the one half of him, now bring the picture around to my other side.
They say his attorney is a real shark.
Are you kidding? I wouldn't lend that killer whale a shrimp!
Look, I know you're trying to find alternate suspects in the Making a Murderer case, but this is getting ridiculous.
Yea, okay, that's Louie, the loan shark.
Like I told you, I haven't seen megalodon since the Pliocene.
Leave me a loan.
I'm not good with faces. Do you maybe have a blood sample?
Listen, I already told you you've got the wrong shark. I was the one on the RIGHT.
'Well, I just needed some water, so I jumped in the fountain.' Gemma Parnell-Richardson, age 6 3/4
No officer, I told you already.....I've never seen that surfer before....the one I saw had BOTH his arms.
Those surfers had it coming. They were all up in my krill.
Yeah, that's Rick 'the swingin' Dick' Snyder, I last saw him hanging around Flint's water supply.
So, it's a picture of your legless friend?
Don't believe everything the parrot fish says.
Do you recognize any of these Cod?
I'll help, I'll help! Just don't throw me back in the tank!
Of course I ate her! I'm a shark for God's sake.
I don't think he's the card shark we're after
I think you're species profiling.
I didn't like him because was a bitter man and hard to swallow!
I'm really more of a leg guy.
Dare I say that your detective career has jumped the shark.
The last time I saw that guy he was swimmin' with the fishes.
Yeah, that's him. He looked like a fish out of water.
Yeah Mack, that might be the Knife but that don't mean the shark knows, dig?
Tell us about this guy, 'Mack the knife' and we'll let you go.
Is that Donald Trump? You can pump my stomach, it wasn't me. I'll eat anyone, but I that guy turns my stomach and toupees give me indigestion.
I'm gonna need a bigger pic
I don't even know what a loan shark is.
Bottom line? D,E,F,P,O,T,E,C.
Go fish, Fuzz.
But It's TRUE . ABC IS looking for a new shark.
OK.OK. I ate him, but tried to spear me first.
I didn’t loan that guy no money, and I don’t know how his leg got broke.
Nope, I've only seen his legs.
Okay, okay, yes I did it. But please don't send me back to SeaWorld!
But I have an alibi - I was on Shark Tank......, I want a lawyer.
Ugh. There goes my beer endorsement.
Not my work. Looks like Macky's back in town.
That's my fin in that bowl of soup officer, yup.
The Fonz? Yeah he's the guy who jumped me.
I never wrote that loan!!!
Don't need no stinkin' lawyer!
No one ever told me flash photography wasn't permitted.
Even I wouldn't charge vigorish like that!
Yeah, that's Left Shark alright!
It said all-you-can-eat buffet.
Officer, clearly that is not my writing.
I wouldn't exactly call offering $200,000 for a 30% stake a bribe.
How many times do I have to tell you that I'm a vegetarian, huh?
Yeah, I know the guy...I heard he's swimming with the fishes.
I never bit her in my life.
I'm a lone shark, not a loan shark!
Do you have any inside information about this missing person last seen surfing? What's your gut feeling?
What does that say? i can not read your writing
I think we're gonna need a bigger cell.
You know there's more than one way to grill a fish.
Yeah? Well, he bumped into me one too many times, so I had to eat him.
I'm totally innocent. All I do is play cards and shoot pool.
They all look the same. Are you saying you could identify the cow your steak came from?
Gimme a second to digest these, guys.
Looks like a lawyer. We don't do lawyers...professional courtesy, you know?
'Yes, officer -- he's the one who said 'Smile you son-of-a-bitch,'' then shot my boyfriend.
Ahhh.....could I have some water.
Don't remember the loan...
I may have tasted him but I never ate him!
If you want to be waterboarded, you'd better cooperate.
Don't blame me. They should have known they'd need a bigger boat.
Hey! What can I tell you. It was lunch.
You lower it to manslaughter and I'll sing like a whale.
Of course I will be representing myself.
Yeah, I went out once on a date with that mermaid. What of it?
I told you. You've got the wrong guy. I'm a vegan.
Can I see the dessert menu?
I'll talk, but I need to be in the holding tank.
You've got the wrong shark. Im a vegetarian.
Yeah, that's the mugger who jumped the shark.
I've never seen that torso before in my life.
Like I said, I don't know what happened to my client, chum!
Oh yeah? Bite me.
Are you absolutely positive that's the man who jumped over you?
That's the yacht alright - I'd know that keel anywhere!
Yeah, that's him...that's Fonzie.
What? I was just getting take out.
How was I supposed to know it was an endangered species.
Left Shark, how do you explain this?
I want my flounder.
Forget it. I ain't taking de bait.
I don't care if you are a lawyer, these are your rights
No way. Everyone know's I've been vegan for years.
That is a chum wrap!
That don't prove notin. I told yaz before, I can't tolerate blood unless it's gluten-free.
You call that bait?
That is not my school! I told you ... I've always been a loner!
Last I saw of him he was sleeping with fishes.
No, I don't know a guy named Quint.
Is there a law against eating people?
That isn't me! I was circling the Walmart parking lot that night!
That's him, but he was wearing concrete shoes when I saw him.
Hey, sharks are not known for their eyesight.
Yeah I'm on Plenty of Fish but I don't recognize all of them.
They all look the same to me. Who was wearing Chanel No. 5?
I can honestly say he has never been a member of my POD.
You've seen one leg you've seen 'em all
Sure I knew him, but it doesn't mean I ate him.
What can I say? He got a little too chummy.
I told you, skinny dippers are not my thing.
These tough ones never talk.
He might be in my stomach. I don't know ...
I'm a down-to-earth loan shark. I don't need a lawyer!
Of course I don't know that fish, you idiot. It's a rainbow trout. They're freshwater fish.
He's not in my food chain, I never laid an eye on the guy!
A fat kid on an air mattress gets eaten and it's always, blame the shark, blame the shark.
And that loan your mother wanted? Forget about it!
He punched me first...
Yeah. It's Luca Brasi, but I never swam with him.
He's shark turds. And I don't mean that's his name. Catch my drift?
I promise you, he was already a one-armed man.
I already told you, I've never even been in that pool hall.
Hey, what happens in SeaWorld stays in SeaWorld.
I need to see my client.
I swear, he was already a one-armed man.
That's not me. I'm strictly vegetarian.
I won't answer questions until the bottom feeder shows up.
Never seen those legs in my life
You can't make me sign that.
I didn't do it. I'm a vegetarian.
I would like to see this picture under water
No, no, no. You've got it all wrong. It's Mark Cuban.
You think I'd bite that?
By the 10th spinoff - Shark Victims Unit - Law and Order seemed to be going downhill.
You were seen in the Guantanamo Bay last Friday. Do you have an alibi?
It was a hate crime; those bums said they were gonna jump the shark.
So, it was a bodycam that I had trouble passing!!!
I see a resemblance, but that ain’t me.
It was an honest mistake I tell ya. He was doing a really good dolphin kick.
Is this another Discovery Channel set-up?
I'm a fish. I'm farsighted.
I don't recognize her,do you have a shot of just her legs?
No, it's the RIGHT leg that's wooden!
So I eat low-energy losers for breakfast. Who cares?
August 9,4:30? I was at Fire Island happy hour.
Yeah, that's the one. I'd recognize that leg anywhere.
I don't know, they were from a school of fish, they all look the same...
I'm not that 'Jaws'.
I told you already I ain't know no Jaws.
There's no way you're gonna pin that on me.
He never said his name was Charlie. Just looked like another tuna to me.
Wallstreet? Never heard of the place?
No wonder I don't feel well.
That's him, Steven Spielberg. He directed the movie that killed my mother.
RAWR RAH RAWH RAWHR RAW.
Sharks don't squeal
Of course my story is fishy!
' That's NOT my bite pattern!!
Calling yourself a 'Great White' in public can give others the wrong idea.
Were these the terms of your loan?
I told you, they jumped me.
That one's also sleeping with the fishes.
I loaned him the cash, but I don't know how he ended up like that.
Anyone could've made those bite marks.
Yeah, I only voted for white actors, so?
I keep on telling you I am a vegetarian!
So I swim with the sharks. So what?
If you’ve seen one minnow, you’ve seen them all.
Recognize this seal, Willy?
I've never seen that nude swimmer before in my life.
2017 #oscarssogreatwhite
Yeah, last I heard he was swimmin' with the fishes.
No, I told you before... The guy I ate had Auburn hair and no glasses. I don't know who This guy is...
Did you try to collect on this promissory note/
I think you're trying to bait me.
Yeah, I seen him before. He was my chum.
I'd need to see a leg shot.
Could you hold it a little closer... closer... clo...
Why would I kill my wife to be with that woman? They all look the same!
What, Stephen Spielberg? Jaws was a long time ago buddy!
It's like I told you already... Shark Week Sucks.
I told ya ,,, I'm going to fall for that line again.
O.K. Read me my rights.
I swear - I don't even know where Amity Island is!
So, you find the guy in the picture with his head and upper torso bit off a little after I deliver a candygram to his place and right away it's 'The shark did it!'
Don't as me. All I did was loan him a fin.
I dunno. That might be him. They all look the same in goggles and a wettie.
You've got the wrong guy. I've never even been to Amity Island.
Well a lot of sharks have that bite size to snack on. Me, just a nibble.
That's a stereotype. I don't even like meat.
I want to speak to my brother. He's a lawyer.
Alright, alright I ate the guy. What'd expect, its what I do....
All you've got is circumstantial and my lawyer's a real shark.
So he sleeps with the fishes.....doesn't mean I did it.
I don't like t talk out of school
I don't know. You all look like fish to me.
I would never eat anything like that. I tell you, I'm a vegetarian.
That's not me, mine was a sharkwaterspout.
Come on, man, I never lent him a cent.
Just because he got bit don't mean he was swimming with me. Have you really never heard of the fallacy of the converse?
No offense, but you all look the same to me.
Nuh uh. Nah, nuh uh.
You're dead meat buddy, that's your fin floating in the soup.
Even if I did make that loan, I wouldn't charge an arm AND a leg!
He kept bumping into me.
That's ridiculous, you've got the wrong guy. I never even saw that schlock Jaws 3-D, let alone starred in it.
C'mon, not exactly what I'd call 'Fine Dining
I know you're trying to scare me, but it looks just delicious.
Save your breath, my cousin's a lawyer.
OK, so it wasn't a candy gram!
Guys, ...there is 'a' correct environment and, then, there is 'the' correct environment for memory-retrieval.
Your job performance has not improved. I'm afraid we're going to have to give you your swimming papers.
This paper proves you have been extradited to land. Now, let me read you your rights.
Ok, ok, ok – Maybe I know someone who knows someone who got a little piece of Mr. Wonderful and Mr. Cuban, but nobody in MY circle would touch Mr. John – ya' know, the FUBU guy. Ya' think we don't know Black Lives Matter?
That's him all right: Arthur Herbert Fonzarelli.
I haven't seen Ms Perry in 12 months.
Just 'cause it happened on the west side doesn't mean it was us, what about the Jets?
Yeah--I totally got schooled.
You make a few loans, play some poker. So what?
Yeah, I know him. He's a big fish.
And he was my attorney!
I was nowhere near the sequels.
Yes, I recognise him. He's a lawyer, just like me.
He bit me from behind, I tell you. I never saw his pearly whites.
He tasted like chicken too
I thought he was a sea lion in that wet suit, I tell ya'!
Are you kidding? You all look the same from the waist up!
It was just a love bite.
NAH! His feet were bigger.
Do I look like the kind of shark that goes to the Hamptons?
She was the 'Speciality of the Day', last Friday I think.
It's not easy looking for a hit and run surfer all you humans look the same
Like I keep telling you, I'm just a regular, law-abiding dolphin.
I suppose you never ate your chum.
I tell ya, I've never seen those legs before!
Hard to say... it was a feeding frenzy!
I'm telling you I don't remember it was shark week, me and a couple hammerheads ate a boogeyboarder and things got a little merky after that
He threw the first nose punch.
Loan Shark, Schmo Shark, I want to call my lawyer.
If you think I'm a Great White Shark, just wait until my lawyer gets here.
Looks tasty.
I got caught up in the frenzy.
It was 'Shark Week'! I'm white and entitled.
Sorry, pal We've got your teethprint in the leg.
It wasn't me, bub. For your information, there are a lot of fish in the sea.
Nope...can't say I know da guy, but I heard da rumor he's swimmin' wid da fishes.
That's a valid contract!
Ok, Flatfoot, maybe I have seen those legs before.
Calm down: An interpreter is coming to translate your Miranda Rights right now
Yeah I know him, we want to the same school.
No, I haven't seen her. You know how many fish there are in the sea?
A picture of my dorsal fin doesn't make me a loanshark .
For the last time, he jumped me!
That ain't my mark
This isn't working. I need a leg lineup.
I nailed him in August.
He was my chum then and he's chum now.
That's the one! The one with the wooden leg who kept calling me Moby Dick! See how he squints? I just know he needs glasses.
I demand to speak to my attorney in the Indian Ocean.
That's not me. Do all land sharks look alike to you?
I don't recognize anyone from the neck up.
Well... Sure. He looks a lot less like a seal in THAT picture.
That's not me. My ocean days are behind me.
You can't pin it on me. There was a frenzy going on.
It couldn't have been me. I have been a Vegan for years!
Yeah, I ate him. Is there a law against that?
Third time, never saw him. Now can I get some water?
I can't place the face, but the taste is familiar.
Yeah that’s me in a frenzy, but I wasn’t feeding.
So you want to use me as bait.
I swear. I've eaten thousands of groupers in my life, but not that one.
That's not my writing.
'But I still say that guy looks like a flounder'.
I name names without that 'endangered species' designation and I'm dead in the water.
All that proves is you hauled me in for swimming while shark.
The home was not underwater when I provided the mortgage.
I knew I would be caught one day, one way or the other.
I don't even know what a candygram is.
Sure it's a tragedy, but I can produce ten witnesses who will tell you that I was at a totally different feeding frenzy off of Fire Island at that time.
Can I have a 200 gallon tank of water?
That guy gave me indigestion.
So I won the contest with that stupid caption. That still doesn't prove I bribed Bob Mankoff.
Stupid cops, do all sharks look the same to you?
We have witnesses.
I will never talk, you will have to water-board me!
Not me, I'm missing a top front tooth!
I demand to swim with my lawyer.
The last time I saw him he was with the fishes, but he wasn't sleeping.
He was just asking for a loan.
You think I'm a a shark. Wait till my lawyer gets here.
Badges, to god-damned hell with badges! ... I don't have to show you any stinking badges.
The Jaws look familiar but his ears didn't stick out like that!
You cops see a predator, but I'll beat this rap because a jury will see an endangered shark.
And how confused are you now?
Can you hurry this up? I'm due on the 'Happy Days' set in 20 minutes.
Do you mean to tell me this isn't you in the no wake camera?
Can I have that glass of water now?
I told you before. My game is poker. I don't even own a pool cue!
Think about it: 'Sign your confession?'
How many times do I have to tell you?! I didn't do that Tuna. Besides I was chasing chum that night.
Ahab? Never seen him before in my life.
I can smell a set-up a mile away!
Do you think I have eyes on the front of my head?
Enough with the picture. I told ya, I SMELLED him a mile away.
I keep telling you, I'm a vegetarian.
I understand the loansharking charge, but bookmaking too?
I don't know nuthin' about any surfer. Us sharks call it seal on a stick.
No I don’t recognize him, but then again, all surfers look like seals to me.
It was an honest mistake. I thought he was a seal.
Ok, I admit it. I ate him. And I'd eat him again. He was delicious.
Why ask me? I'm just his lawyer.
So if I sing, I’m off the hook?
You could get 20 years in the tank for this
All I know is that he was washed-up.
Never seen that surfer before in my life.
We found the leg...where is the rest of him?
I don't recognize this fish, I'm vegan...
I told you, card games aren't my thing!
So I bundled a bunch of small IOUs into a CDO and shorted it. There ain’t no law against that!
So, I'm naked! Sharks are SUPPOSED to be naked!
I never really saw his face.
I have an alibi. I was in school
He was wearing mask,but,i am sure he was an orca!
Define 'chum'.
That's him alright, he was wearing cement shoes. I'll never forget that...
That beach had it coming.
Are you crazy? Considering his FICO score, that's a perfectly reasonable rate!
He's not even in my food chain.
You're wasting your time officer, you guys all look like seals to me.
Yeah, I took her out for a bite but never heard from her again.
Ask anyone! Nurse sharks are vegetarians!
The guy was in a dolphin suit. Enough said!
Listen......I tell you one more time; I never seen that surfer.
I'm not surprised. They needed a bigger boat.
Sorry, I've only seen the first Jaws.
Confess? For What? A higher porpoise?
I keep telling you, l'm a JET!
I'd say I thought he was a seal, but the seal police are even worse.
I told ya already, I didn't do it on Porpoise.
Yep, that is the person I had for lunch!
I can't be sure. There was a lot of blood in the water that day!
I'm not saying anything until I talk to Spielberg.
It's grand theft; you may want to bring in the octopus.
Got any pics of that babe from Jaws?
I tell ya that ain't me; we all wear sharkskin.
Yeah, that's Kelly Slater. I was watching him at Jaws this past week. But I swear I didn't touch him!
Stop! I ain't sayin' nothin' more until I talk to my client.
Never seen this I.O.U. before.
... and then this tornado came along.
What do you think? I’ve been sitting on my fin all day.
This is a bunch of bullshark!
I told you, not all sharks are loan sharks.
That's right. I've never even seen The Little Mermaid.
Like I told ya, I never met this 'Jet'.
Picture or no picture, my client's innocent, I'm telling ya.
This loan-sharking thing is so species profiling.
She was just some woebegone wobbegong, OK?
He hangs around south of Boston
So someone lost an arm at Rockaway Beach. What makes you think I know anything about it?
Your hunting licence is out of date.
Not sure, after a while they all start to look the same
I'm not taking the bait, he's no chum of mine
I've already told you, all your legs look the same to me.
That was just a dramatic reenactment.
Yeah, that's the chef; did you happen to find my 2 fins in his soup?'
What... I was hungry!
I'm just a loan shark,not a killer.
Yes, I am interested in my Miranda rights.
Odds of be doing it are lower than winning the powerball
I told you before: I wasn't there. I summer in Southampton.
That's him, - I recognize the Hillfinger wet-suit.
No, I did not attack him to be my supper. I just asked Mr. Trump a political question.
Worthless! I'd confess to anything to get off the hook.
Mack the Knife? Never met the guy!
Kiss my flippers coppers! You guys can't tell a shark from a dolphin! This is genetic profiling and you know it!
Read the memo: All new recruits get dental checks.
Let me redeem myself in The Donald's pool.
I think I'd like to eat my lawyer now.
You must be the bad cop. Unless that's fish flavored I don't want it.
How many times do I have to tell you: Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes!
I'll be my own attorney.
That's not me. I was the Right Shark.
Who's Miranda?
I don't recognize that bank account.
I would say we were more bicurious than chummy.
Better fess up fella 'cause it's sink or swim time.
So it was a feeding frenzy - is that a crime?
I'm fin-ished.
The forensic report confirms your tooth marks.
'That's not my bite. I'm a vegan'.
There's a mouthful of evidence here.
I've told you a million times. I don't even know how to play pool.
I told you, my partner is a lawyer and I want him here now.
Yeah, he owed me money, but it doesn't mean I killed him.
How could you accuse me of loan sharking when Amex charges 24% interest.
I ain't going to be part or your shark fink soup.
Did you not realize that we can all see your dorsal fin?
Nice legs. Do you always shave them?
I DON'T KNOW NO JACK THE KNIFE
No, I haven't seen Nemo. Don't you remember Bruce? We're all vegetarians now.
Can't tell. Doesn't show his fin.
I already told you, I ain't from the West Side and I don't know no Jets.
No, you idiots! I did not say that I could shoot someone in New York City and get away with it! You've got the wrong man!
She was my law professor and I loved her. But I didn't kill her!
If you can read this you are hired with full benefits
Yeah! That's the guy who tried to choke me.
Yes...I ate him, so what! I'm a man eater, it's what we do.
$100,000 for 30% equity! That's my final offer! Take it or leave it, and I want your answer immediately!
It jumped me, got canceled, and nobody saw it again. So what?
Ok so you're telling me in this town fleet week great shark week bad?
Wait a minute. That's a writ of habeus porpoise.
I want to regurgitate my lawyer.
I don't have an accomplice. I'm a 'lone shark'!
Are you kidding me.? Can I identify the victim? .....it all looks like chum to me!
I'm not a killer. I'm a great white.
Once again, I'm not a loan shark.
Would you mind moving that a bit closer please?
Left Shark? I know him.
Yeah, I saw him once, just before I ate him.
Yeah, I know that surfer. And yeah, he did blow gas bubbles at me last week. But that don't mean I ate him.
You say chump, I hear chum.
I told you, they picked the wrong shark in the lineup.
Nope, never tasted her, not my type.
Okay, I'm gonna ask you one last time. Do you recognize this leg?
You can't expect me to identify every meal I've eaten in the last 3 months?
Five will get you ten...Mack is back in town.
What can I say? They needed a bigger boat.
Yup, that's the guy who jumped me alright.
He says you promised him $300K for 15% of his business.
Have you swallowed this guy recently?
I ain't taking the bait. I don't know where this guy Jonas is.
You were seen near the school right before the incident!
I swear I've never seen that leg before in my life.
This man was last seen with you
Miranda? Oh sure, try finding me a court-appointed shark.
OK! So I ate 'em all. So what?
It was a feeding frenzy--who remembers faces?
Not a representation! I am here to represent my client!
That ain't me flatfoot. That's a production still from Sharnado.
Spit him out! And we'll let you off the hook!
Talk, or we'll throw you back in the tank.
In my effort to find locally sourced food, I made an error in judgment.
I smell a mackerel!
I'm innocent, y'see? Those ain't my fingerprints.
Yeah, all us Sharks have always been a bit slippery.
I don't have to take this from another species!
It appears to me as though I was in international waters.
Didn't taste like chicken
You have to throw out a bigger minnow.
Sharks don't have Miranda rights?
READ YOUR REPORT CARD, OR ELSE!
I know, I know...I didn't have an updated fishing permit
Ever loan to him?
OK, OK, so they're pearly white, so what!
just 'cause he signed an IOU, it don't mean am guilty !
'I swear it looked like a turtle'.
Yeah, it looks like my trainer but, uh.. I haven't seen her lately.
not until I get my glass of water
Talk first, then you can have your glass of water.
I don't mean to sound racist but frankly all humans look alike.
Loansharking? Never! I'm a whale!
Sorry Bub, that's not my handwriting
The floatation device rings a bell, but otherwise you people kind of blend together.
Hello! 29% interest is a good deal.
Here's the address for the dentist - an agent will escort you. Once we've got the caps, you'll be apprised of your next location.
I already told you, I had nothing to do with that, I'm a vegetarian.
I'm telling you man, I would NOT invest in that product.
I told you, it's hard to identify 'em without the cement blocks!
WAIT TILL THAT LOUD MOUTH TRIES TO WALK ON WATER!
How should I know if that's the person I attacked? You all look the same!
Once again ... show me feet, not faces.
Sorry pal, I don't know any big fish.
I'm an attorney. You'll need a doctor to read that scrawl.
Look, I haven't had contact with any of the Jets since Broadway Joe borrowed my fishnets.
Seriously, all humans look the same.
Well, hell, he's in a sharkskin suit!
That's him--Santiago.
Scheider? Dreyfuss? Never seen them before.
Yeah, it looks like him, but he was riding a different color surfboard
I'm not positive but it could be flipper.
I'm telling you I didn't loan any money to him either. I'm a shark. I ain't even got POCKETS.
You got the wrong guy, it was Charlie the tuna. You think we all look alike.
I'm telling you. . . I never loaned money to the guy.
All those fish look alike to me.
We are loners, man! I don't know nobody.
So, you've never seen this leg before?
I told you. I have never seen that leg.
I deFINitely didn't do it. I wasn't even in town during Shark Week.
If he's swimming with the fishies, he ain't swimming with the fishies I know.
I ain't never seen that clownfish.
I keep telling you guys I never bit that crazy old man with the harpoon gun before. So can you please get chief Brody in here cause he's the only one who'll understand!
You're gonna need a bigger piece of paper
I'm not answering any questions until I can talk to my father.
Despite the evidence against me, I did not use performance enhancing drugs !
That's him, the one they called Brodie.
That's no chum of mine, I tell ya!
I couldn't help it...I was on a feeding feeding frenzy!
I did NOT make that loan to Hillary Clinton!
On the advish of my attorney I plead the fish.
Sorry officer but I can't read without my contacts.
I'm tired of being pulled in every time a surfer goes missing.
Know him?? He was delicious!
Those pictures of me from “Shark Week” were edited!
I'm not sure. What does the other leg look like?
Yes, I lent her the money, but it wasn't predatory!
I'm telling you it was an accident - I swear that arm belongs to an octopus.
That's all the tanks I get?
No, the surfboard I saw had two legs.
I keep tellin' you, the guy jumped me.
First supersized drinks... now, baby seals?
First of all, I happen to be a vegan.
I swear.. I wasn't in The Reef at that time
I told you three times already, 'I'm a vegan!!'
You tell me you've never seen this fish before
How do you expect me to identify him? His head is missing!
Yo. What happened was he cut his leg fallin' OFF the board. I was just helpin' him back ON!!!
We met for a drink ... how was I supposed to know he was planning a sequel?
I didn't say he was my friend. I said he was my chum.
Not me! I never spend my summers in Montauk.
I can't really see without my glasses.
Yeah, that's definitely Sharky's fin displayed on their Chinese soup menu.
Are you telling me you've never seen this fish before
I have the right to remain violent.
Go back to the one of him in a yellow speedo
Take a hike, copper, those bite marks look nothing like mine.
No, I already ate, thanks.
You've got the wrong guy. My ID clearly says LONE shark.
Let's wait for my client.
You ain't got nuttin on me! A fin in the water? You coppers make me laugh!
No way my client goes for that deal, copper.
Big deal, the dolphin confessed. You know, half what they say is actually complete gibberish.
Don't worry, he's just sleeping with the fishes.
All of those divers look alike to me.
No. Trump.
Don't threaten me. I know my animal rights.
You got the wrong guy...I'm a POND shark.
Detective, this evidence won't hold up in the court of jaws
Sure, I've seen him. He sleeps with the fishes now.
I told you. We went to law school together!
Yeah I've seen him before. He sleeps with da fishes.
You ain't gettin' anything out me unless I get immunity from the E. P. A.
I'm not fallin' for the old bait and snitch.
Look, I keep telling you -- large-mouth, not small-mouth
No, he was missing his two front teeth.
Huh, more blood and guts, you do get that I'm a shark right?
How would I know? Those mackerels all look the same to me.
He couldn't pay back his loan so I ate him.
Hold it a little closer.
No, that's not me. You're just on a fishing expedition.
Fine, I admit to following her around. But I didn't maul anyone. I'm a loan shark. The orcas are the killers in that neighborhood!
Honestly man, I have a memory of a goldfish...
But I did not eat the deputy.
I'm sorry, from underneath he looked exactly like a seal
Do you know how many other sharks have that same sailor tattooed on their fins?
Listen pal, I meet a lot of remoras, okay? Can't remember all their dorsal fins.
Yeah, I confess that IS hard to swallow.
Yeh..yeh...yeh...two guys, one dinghy. Whatcha want wit me?
I ain't sayin' a word until I talk to my ahi tuna.
All these chums look the same.
yeah, he's the rest of my dinner
I'm not answering any more questions until I talk to myself.
I did not eat that man, I'm a vegan.
Nice tits!
I know a card shark when I see one.
If you think I'll flip back to Sea World for raw tuna in olive oil and chanterelles, think again.
I need to have something in the foreground to give it some scale.
I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but there was just something fishy about this case.
Those damn lifeguards, monsters, am I right?
You have to believe me. I didn't write that!
Where I come from, everyone's cold-blooded.
Are you saying we all look alike?
How many times to I need to explain the difference between a loan shark and a lone shark?
No. I was a LONE shark.
Yeah, it's my diet.
But he jumped me first.
That's an orca, not a shark, you nitwit.
Never seen him. Like I said, I just do loans.
I don't know nothing 'bout no sharknado.
Chumming?
Of course I can prove I didn't shoot him, you idiot. I'm a shark
Yeah! I know that guy;it's Mac the Knife.
Sorry officer, my lips have been sealed.
I said no shark fin soup with my steamed rice
Stop asking me questions. I'm the lawyer.
Them amateurs?? Don't play no cards with 'em, and don't loan no dough to 'em neither.
Great White?! That can't be me. I'm barely mediocre.
You betcha he's guilty! Book him!
This is the $3000 Rolex that was on the surfer's arm you swallowed. Either you cough it up or we cut you open
I want my underwater lawyer.
I don't care where he's sleeping, I've never seen Luca Brasi.
No, that doesn't look like my bite radius.
I told you--I've never been to Phoenix.
Come on guys, you know me - I wouldn't go near a leg that looked like that.
Sorry, they all look the same from below.
Yeah, that's the guy. Attacked me with an eight-foot surfboard!
Looks fishy to me-any relation to me is just a fluke
You cops, always bottom feeders, you should be talking to my lawyer.
Well, of course I killed him in cold blood. I'm a shark, for God's sake!
You must be kidding. After two painful years of inconvenient monthly orthodontist appointments there's no way I could make such impressions.
It's time fish or cut bait, the name Spielberg sounds fishy!
We're gonna use you as bait to capture this big fish!
Only if you promise to stop eating shark fin soup.
Please, not another Rorshark Test.
Do you expect me to believe that a person on a surfboard looks like a seal to you?
Yeah...that's him, the little clown. He controls everything along the coast; he calls himself Nemo.
Confess? Bite me!
Luca Brasi? Yeah, I saw him last night.
I'm not a pool or a loan shark, I'm a Mako.
I am telling you the perpetrator is known as Mr. Jaws, that's J.A.W.S.
Officer, I swear he was a seal.
Would you like me to suck on that paper cut for you?
I've never seen that fish in my life.
Cross-species eyewitness identification evidence is notoriously unreliable.
While I admire the work, I'm sure forensics has already told you that's an orca bite. Why don't you fellas tell me what this is really all about?
Is this the guy that tried to spear you? Not sure? You guys all look alike.
For the last time, I never see the faces.
Dude, it all looks like sushi to me.
Get that out of my face or you're gonna really find out what it's like to take a bite outta crime.
Never saw him before – I'm a lone shark.
I loaned twenty grand to an escaped convict?
How was I supposed to know it was endangered.
Aren't you supposed to read me my rights?
I'm trying really hard to eat a healthy balanced meal!
Yes I know Charlie the Tuna, but I didn’t eat him
So Joey had a royal flush, whaddya expect?
I tell you he was AT LEAST three inches over the limit.
Well, do you remember what you had for breakfast 3 months ago?
Something fishy about that one
He might have been wearing concrete shoes,,
That’s him, I’ll never forget that hammerhead smirk
It's like I told you. Luca Brazia sleeps with the fishes.
I told you he'd never take the bate, Johnson.
I was nowhere near Amity that day
They all look alike to me, you eat one, you eat them all.
Listen, chum, I ain't takin' the bait.
How can I read when your arm is making me drool!
Yeah, I know who he is. He's in the No Swim List.
I forgot which one of you is the good cop!
I am an alcoholic.
Yeh, that's Lou Miller all right, but last I saw saw him he was slam'in 'em back with Ol' MacHeath.
Get off it, buddy. When it comes to pearly whites, Macheath ain't got nutting' on me!
Not 'friend'--chum.
I never saw that license plate before in my life.
Accomplice? No, that's my lawyer!
Murder? I think this Marine Sanctuary thing has gone a bit too far!
I'll have the tuna rare and a Bloody Mary.
What, 'Charlie the Tuna' never heard of him, ya can't pin that on me!!
I'm bad with faces but I never forget a leg.
Looks like bait to me.
I demand to speak to my client.
Never seen him, bro. I don't hang with hammerheads.
How am I supposed to sign it? How?!
Yeah, that's Mikey Minnow. I ate him. Is there a law against that?
Can YOU remember every little thing you ate two days ago?
Don't even think about asking for a lawyer. (Authored by Thomas Healy.)
I never had sex in that aquarium.
Enough with the stupid questions. I plan to invoke the 'evolutionary biology' defense.
He used to be a waiter at the Feeding Frenzy.
I'm not saying a word without my NRDC rep.
Yeah, that's Miranda all right. I ate her last week.
Dat's Bennie the Shark, alright. I'd know that fin anywhere.
He's in the business all right, but he's not an enforcer.
'That proves nothing, I got new set of teeth.'–
Just a little closer, my eyesight is poor...that's it...just a little closer.
What do you mean I jumped the shark?
That's the manatee, officer.
Don't get snarky with me.
I was just being chummy with her.
Nope, never ate...uh seen him.
Frankly, they all taste like chicken
I keep telling you, I don't know any loan sharks.
I've never seen those swim trunks before.
This must be a case of mistaken identity. I'm a land shark, not a loan shark.
Bite her? I don't even know her.
No, I said lone shark.
Oh the shark has pretty teeth dear, And he shows them pearly white...
I made him a loan he couldn't refuse.
We know it was you; its your dental record.
Another 'Great White Hope.'
Damn Emails!
Uh Officer that looks like you because the person in the picture is bold in the middle!
Grill shark 30 minutes until meat is firm, turning once.
Are you telling me this is NOT you with Teresa Halbach?
No way that's me. Let me guess, all sharks look alike to you?
I'm not saying anything until my client gets here!
Sure, he was a chum. That doesn't mean I knew him.
He in the can— aisle 4.
If you've seen one anchovy, you've seen 'em all.
Can you undo the cuff. My glasses are in my pocket.
I don't care if it is Shark week. You are not leaving here until you confess!
I'm in no hurry, this place is a 5-star resort compared to SeaWorld
L-O-N-E, not L-O-A-N. Read it yourself.
I dunno. All them Great Whites look alike.
You'll never break me, copper, I'm a hundred percent cartilage.
I'm telling you, that wasn't me. I'm a leg man.
Pretty teeth, dear--even if I say so myself
It's just another red herring.
So what? I ate him. Is that a crime?
You'll only find him over my dead body!
Is this the guy that jumped over you?
I just wanted to get a movie contract.
I've never even seen that school before.
I disagreed with someone I ate
How do I know if I ate him.....You all look alike
Well, we really jumped the shark with this one.
You'll get five years on probation and monthly check-ins with your dentist.
Sorry officer, not ringing any bells. I'm more of a legs guy.
Of course I would eat him, but that doesn't mean I did.
Technically, we all sleep with the fishes.
Yes that is a selfie I took during lunch.
I'd say more a chum, than an aquintance.
My rights ?, I can't read
Yeah, he jumped me.
Any chance I'll be out of here in time for surf school?
Yeah, yeah...it's a usurious loan....so what makes you think I had anything to do with it.
Last time I saw him, he was in shallow water.
If you think I'm going to show remorse, you're anthropomorphizing.
You say, 'blood bath.' I say, 'dinner.'
The vig was an arm and a leg
I plead not gill-ty!
You expect me to sign a confession I can't even read? Seems fish-y to me!
Looks like the work of an orca.
'Kinda hard to say with the legs missing'
Yeah, we served time together in the tank, so what?
Either pay your bii, or we will send you to the SHARK TANK!
The suspect was last seen swimming with the fishes.
I never tasted anything like him in my life
He doesn't smell familiar.
When are you going to stop blaming me for all your missing swimmers.
Look, just because one or two of us attack you every year doesn't mean we're all bad.
This is proof that you ate the panel on 'Shark Tank'.
Yea, yea, that's the guy...Tommy 'the Whale' Marconi.
I'm not signing anything without my mouthpiece
Yeah, that's Augie. He sleeps with the fishes.
I need a blood sample.
Do I look like a loan shark?
I esCHEW my Miranda rights!
Last time I saw him he was swimming for the beach.
I'd demand my lawyer, but I think...that's him.
Come on guys, dat don't look nuttin' like me!
I remember he said, 'I'm not afraid of Glug Glug Glug', and I said, 'Who's Glug Glug Glug?'
Well, Mr. Fortinbras, word on the street is that you've sharked up a list of lawless resolutes. Is this it?
Remember, even the 'bad cop' can taste good.
Yeah, but he was tasty
Do you know this character, he's been seen in your neighborhood?
I can't name that tuna.
I don't remember faces.
'Maybe he is sleeping with the fishes now, but I'm telling you I've never seen the guy.
We call this routine good cod, bad cod.
It was the Jet.
You pulled me away from a delicious lunch with a blonde in a red two-piece for this? How many times have I told you that I never loan anything to a Swordfish? It's a sure way to get stabbed in the back.
My dorsal fin still hurts from the ride here.
Seriously? You think I was the trigger man?
I ate him too.
How many times I gotta tell you?' I know nuthin about this bum Macki and his scarlet billows'.
Yeah, that's me alright. Damn GoPro's.
I told you, I don't murder people, I'm just a loan shark.
Let me see the other half.' 'Let me see the other half?
Can we move on to the waterboarding, already?
I admit it...I know Richard Dreyfuss.
I couldn't help it. He said he was going to make me into shark's fin soup.
Without my dental records, you got nothing on me.
If you really want to know want to know what happened to Charlie the Tuna... ask the dolphins.
Those are West Coast sharks in the photos. I have never run with them.
Nope. Never smelled him in my life.
I keep tellin' ya - the last time I saw him he was still afloat.
You dummies, I'm a 'lone' shark, not a 'loan' shark.
It said B777. I don't know if it's from Malaysia.
Yeah, that's my old chum. So what?
I'm not good at faces. Can you show me a toe?
Uh, oh. I better call Saul
No way - if had done that one you woulda seen scarlet billows start to spread.
I told you, I've never tasted him before in my life...
Nope, never lent him a cent.
Yeah, that's him. The Fonz. He's the one who jumped me.
The tornado already signed this confession. We know you were working together.
Are you kidding me, do I look like a hammerhead to you?
Mack the Knife? Please! Move on.
Yeah, that's Macheath...I recognize the fancy gloves. Has our boy done something rash?
The top letter is E.
Louie--now Louie was once a sharp shark with spark--but that's over. He's not your guy.
I'm tellinyu - I don't know nothin' about no Nemo! No clownfish has ever passed over these pearly whites.
I'll talk when you turn that menacing music off.
So then this guy said, 'Hey, you want a piece of me?'
Could I just get some water first?
How should I know? Do I look like a lawyer to you?
I've never tasted that person before in my life.
I've never seen that meal...um, SEAL, in my life!
Hey, do I look like a victim to you?
Charlie the Tuna, Yea I know him, so what?
'I already told you guys I broke up with that manatee broad months ago'.
That's NOT the boy I ate!
Yeah, that's the punk biker dude that jumped me.
I'd like some water before I answer anymore questions
That's her face. I only saw her legs, from below.
I wasn't even close to The Cape this summer!
Call Spielberg. He’ll back me up. It was just a movie.
It was all Fonzie's idea.
Faces mean nothing to me. I just see thrashing legs.
I agree it looks fishy!
But he was just a snack.
You can't handle the tooth!
That's him, Mack the Knife!
I never even nibbled on him.
I'll tell you what: either they are on the endangered species list or I am.
I demand to see my Marine Biologist.
No, that could not be a photo of one of my teeth at the crime scene. I still have all my teeth. If you don't believe me, feel free to count the teeth in my mouth. Go ahead. I'll let you look reeeeeealy close.
I'm not sure. The pearly whites look familiar, but the scarlet billows obscure the details.
How should I know? Those klutzy hammerheads all look alike to me.
Are you planning an attack?
I loaned nobody nothin'
Yes, that's the killer whale.
You guys say I bit that guy and swam off?! Haha, that's a good one. First of all I'm a vegetarian, I can't swim and last week I was in Detroit.
It was pitch black, man, I ain't seen nothing. I just kept moving along.
I don't know what happened, officer. One week out of the year, I just go nuts.
You can't pin this one on me copper. I've never seen those legs before in my life.
It's not my fault! He knew his boat was too small.
It's irrelevant whether you were undercover or underwater, you were caught on photo-radar.
Yeah, that's Jaws, but who's the tasty dish?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS SAYS?' 'Ah yes, Trump wins by a landslide!
Nope. Never seen him. I'll bite, who is he?
Yea, that's Charlie the Tuna.
Without a body, that could be anybody's foot!
Fine--I admit it! You caught me! I'm a lone shark!
Fish all look the same to me.
I think I would remember eating a guy that ugly.
I can't read your writing.
Just a movie. No humans harmed in its production.
Like I told you, I didn't know she was the Little Mermaid.
I didn't eat that little shrimp.
That's one whale of a tale I am not a loan shark!
Is this the diver who accousted you?
Gee, Officer Krumpke. You are so 20th Century.
Yeah...yeah, I've seen him sleeping with the fishes.
Look. Don't you think appearing in Jaws 3 was punishment enough?
I would demand to call my lawyer, but I just ate him for breakfast.
It'd probably be easier to ID the guy if we used taste tests instead.
I prefer to think of him not so much as my victim, but as a victim of global climate change.
That clearly isn't my work. Ask anyone at the Discovery Channel.
No! Don't waterboard me!
I didn't commit the crime outlined in your document!
I already told 'ya, I ain't been near freshwater in years.
It wasn't me. I took the wife to the Jersey shore for the weekend.
'Yes, I ate him too...Do I have to tell you again, I'm a shark!
Okay, okay. I'll have the sole.
Oh,I have pretty teeth dear, but that's not my bite
Alibi sounds a bit fishy - whad'ya think Joe?
His name is Quinn.
So you're saying this 35% annual interest rate and 10% prepayment penalty don't look familiar?!
I exercise my right to a fellow lawyer before answering any questions.
Given this candidate lineup, I'd say they all jumped me.
That's the work of the Old School Gang. They never liked farm raised.
Surfboard? Looks like a sea lion to me!
I've never seen that flounder before.
I'm tellin' ya, it ain't me. It's Left Shark. He's the crazy one.
Yeah, he goes by Mack the Knife.
He was my Chum, but that is not my handwriting!
Yeah, they call him Mac the Knife.
Whatever, there have been amazing advances in prosthetics.
Yeah, That's Mackie Messer for sure but he's calling himself Mac the Knife now!
I don't even like legs!
With all due respect, officer... bite me!
He came into the joint strapped for cash. I told him it would cost an arm and a leg, so he left.
For a smart fish like you this letter stinks!
Looks like quite the catch, but I've never seen her.
No, I don't recognize him. I told you when I found that leg there wasn't anybody attached to it.
Looks like he got what he fished for.
That's not me. I don't have a moustache or propeller beanie.
Doofus, I got no hands to sign it.
I couldna been there. I was in the Bahamas.
My client didn't do it
That one tasted like chicken.
So they're pearly white. That doesn't prove a thing.
Look, I didn't Eat Miss Tidwell . . . I'm a Mer-shark!
Jail-bait...shark-bait, what's the difference?
I want to speak with my remora
yes he too tasted like chicken
Never seen those thighs in my life. I want my lawyer!
Since my bite mark doesn't fit, you must acquit.
As you can see, I didn't have a hand in this.
Go ahead and throw me in the tank.
Okay, I ate my lawyer, but ain't I got my rights?
I don't know loans, I just play pool
I'm going to need you to be more pacific, I mean specific.
Yeah, I knew him; a real unsavory character.
OK, I chewed up the sheriff, but I did not eat the deputy.
Ok, he owed me loan money, but I didn't eat him.
Yo, Dude. I'm a lover, not a fighter !
I want to see my burbot.
Admit it ... you hate the Hamptons too.
He's an old poker buddy, who owed me an arm and a leg.
I've been working deep undercover.
Yeah that's him, before I collected what he owed me
I'm still digesting that one.
I ain’t saying squat until he stops humming the theme from Jaws.
Yo! Vinnie the Gil - rumor has it this here floater owed you some major clam!
Couldn't tell ya... I joined mid frenzy.
'Yea, I know him. His nickname is 'Landshark'.
I can't believe I'm in the tank.
Just because 'the shark, babe, has such teeth, dear, and it shows them pearly white,' doesn't mean I did it!
Do I LOOK like The Chicken of the Sea?
You've got the wrong fish! I look nothing like the guy who has stuck fish-with-legs stickers on cars.
You got the wrong big fish
The Jets did that, not us.
I'm many things, but I'm not a loan shark.
I never saw that fish before.
Do you recognize this mammal?
I didnt see anyone at lunch that day. My eyes roll back when I'm eating.
Let me chew on it for a while.
In my defense, he was wearing an ill-fitting speedo.
I told you I won't talk unless you give me imtunaty.
Officer, I think this falls squarely under the castle doctrine.
That arm had a mate and two legs at home!
We know this fish was a regular at your restaurant. I just learned that you can feed a fish to death, but you already knew that didn't you?
Yeah, I seen that guy...he sleeps with the fishes.
How many times I gotta tell yez, flatfoot; I was down in da Gulf that month!
What makes you think I had anything to do with the missing mermaid?
That looks nothing like me. My eyes are dead; those are hazel.
Never mind lunch, I don't like anything on the menu.
No, I'm good shark. You're looking for bad shark.
'I want a lawyer. And some water.
You crazy bro! I'm a breast man.
Are you familiar with the term 'catch and release'?
I prefer predatory lender.
Do you know if they do gluten free?
Why you would no go after bigger fish like J.P. Morgan or Goldman Sachs?
Yeah..that's him...looks like ol' Macky's back in town
For a bad cop your handwriting is esquisite.
Now, detective, may I remind you of your 'Catch and Release' obligations?
No, that is not my piece of paper.
Well, for one thing shark's are color blind. But what was that school of tuna doing in the crosswalk anyway?
You hauled in the wrong shark. Legs like that I'd remember.
I knew I shouldn't have given that Discovery Channel camera crew unrestricted access into my personal life.
This was no boat accident.
You'll never fool me, detective---I'm a card shark.
I'd recognize that plankton anywhere.
We call him Hammerhead because ... well, you know
Since when is 100% interest on a loan a crime?
I barely recognize him without the surfboard.
that is no way to treat a fellow mammal
No! I never lent that guy any money.
Hey, man, we're all endangered.
So maybe I've given out a few loans at interest rates that were a little too high, and maybe I have tricked a few card players, but I could never do something like THAT!
Look, your alibi about being an extra on the set of 'Sharknado' just doesn't hold water.
I'm an indiscriminate flesh eating killing machine copper, but I'm no rat.
'All sharks look alike to humans' does not give you an alibi for the vicious attack last week.
I see he's missing a leg. What's that got to do with me?
Profiled again. Now who's the shark?
It was a loan!
Look again! Are you trying to tell me there's two of you?
No, it's loan o-f-f-i-c-e-r.
This week...on Jaw and Order
I'm tellin' you, I was at a feeding frenzy all night.
You're wasting your time. I know when I'm being baited.
One surfer-dude looks like every other surfer-dude.
For the last time, I never loaned that guy nothin!
Sorry, I'm a vegan.
There's a lot of fish in the sea.
Of course it looks like me. He's wearing a sharkskin suit.
It wasn't my fault he was swimming
Trust me, this grilling can get a lot worse if you don't cooperate.
I'm innocent I tell ya. I'm a vegetarian.
look at my nudes bitch
Your accusations jump the shark.
You know, all I ever see are legs.
Look closely ... it can't be me ... the fin is missing!
I already told you, I don't like the sound of that recipe at all.
I'd like to speak with Seaworld.
You've got it all wrong, I'm a philanthropic porpoise not a loan shark.
You can sweat a tuna, but good luck trying to grill a shark!
But officer, I'm a pescatarian.
Have you seen this license plate?
I'll save you some time, Detective - they all look delicious.
He said he was gonna need a bigger boat
You do realize I'm a shark, right?
Can I get a glass of salt water?
That could be anybody's fin. I haven't frenzied in years.
He owed me money.
He offered me fifty thousand for half of my business, so I ate him.
'Ace Ventura', never heard of him.
But I've never even been to Manitowoc County!
Yeah, that's Luca Brasi, so what of it?
I dunno, he tasted like chicken.
I'm telling you just one more time: I never met that guy, I found the ATM card in the pocket of a speedo
That chunk there is from a freshwater kayak. Ya got nothin'.
Can I go now? I have a feeding frenzy to get to.
No, that's not me, but I was his stunt double in Jaws.
Because that's a Great White. I'm barely ordinary.
Slow, boring, tasteless
First, let's be clear. Who's in the most danger here?
I told you I can't see the blood, I need to smell it.
So it's a photo of me attacking the sushi buffet. It proves nothing!
Hey Columbo, you know I'm still blind, right?
That's Mack the Knife all right.
Rights, schmights, you're singling me out because you think I look guilty.
Give me a break-he looked like a SEAL to me!
He was just lunch. I didn't know he was in the Witness Protection Program.
OK, I know him--he's a red herring.
That's not my handwriting. I don't have hands.
I told you. I'm not black.
Yeah, that's him. I'd know those pearly whites anywhere.
I've never seen that carcharodon carcharias before in my life.
As a professional courtesy, you get two calls.
We can't 'stop and frisk' anymore, but we can still 'stop and fin.'
No, I make shark loans – very different from loan sharking.
I'm telling ya, I never seen that leg before.
I need my attorney—and a glass of water.
Sure, it looks like my cousin.
I am Abe Vigoda; I am not dead; and I recognize that person.
We know its you, we saw you on shark week.
You think I'll take the bait, don't you chum?
I've never heard of Amity Island.
Take it from me, he sleeps with the fish.
For the last time, I was only out for a swim.
Yeah, I lent him some money.
No aquarium can hold me
That seal's a liar. I was in school all day.
We didn't swim in the same circles.
Saturday? I was in all night watching tv in bed...with your sister.
What can I say? We had cartilage to pick with someone.
Tommy Bahama? You gotta be kidding. Not my taste.
Oh, the poor creature--what a terrible overbite.
Ignorance of the sustainable seafood guide is no excuse.
You can't pin that on me. I'm Vegan.
How was I supposed to know he was a cop? They all look the same from below.
I told you, I've never even seen that haddock!
Haven't you bigger fish to fry?
Are you kidding? Do you have any idea what that town charges for a non-residential beach sticker?
How would I know; he was wearing a mask.
Looks like the boxer's work, if you ask me
I'm not talking until I have my EPA lawyer present.
I don't mingle with those low-life bottom feeders.
She wasn't as tasty as she looks in the profile.
That ain't my fin!
You can set me up with a Mako artist, but they all look alike to me.
Yeah; that's Jacues.
Yep, that's the lawyer that tried to take a bite out of me.
You guys are only on a fishing expedition.
It's clearly posted, 'swim at your own risk.'
I was just a loan shark
You're making me wish I hadn't eaten my lawyer.
Tommy the Tuna? Yeah, I knew him in his salad days.
Listen you Coppers. I ain't heard of no Louie Miller, and I ain't done nothing rash.
I ain't sayin' nonthin' till I get me a criminal.
What S.U.I.? That's my normal mercury level!
Check my dental records and you'll see that I'm innocent.
What are you, some kind of animal rights activist?
I ain't sayin' nonthin' till I get me a perp.
How many time do I have to tell you that I am not the loan shark you are looking for!
Smell fishy? For the last time, I can only smell real, actual fish
I'm being punished for disarming an intruder!?
Looks tasty, but I'm not talking about my diet until I have a lawyer.
'We all have dead eyes, what's your point?
I wore braces back then, so it couldn't have been me.
All I know is that one minute I was swimming in the ocean and the next I was in some sort of tornado.
I'll be representing myself, of course.
I lost my taste for arms and legs long ago!
Please, I've bitten much better legs than that. Why would I bother?
'I told him he was going to need a bigger boat'.
He wasn't that kind of chum.
I don't have an overbite!
It was a feeding frenzy. Things got very confusing.
Why does your species bother to name bait?
I told you I've never been to Amity Island !
What do you expect---I'm a shark.
I want a lawyer, preferably a shark.
The only tuna I eat is Dolphin safe
Yeah, that's the killer, he was a trained grey nurse.
Like I told ya, it's a legitimate prescription from my doctor.
Yeah and I bet you're both vegans right ?
I didn't write that ransom note--that's not my handwriting.
That's the work of a Great White. I'm actually pretty unremarkable.
I couldn't say for sure, all dolphins look the same to me.
So it's a smooth explanation: what do you want me to do, learn to stutter?
That couldn't be me. I don't even like sushi.
I ain't talkin till I've seen my shark.
There's always been something fishy about you.
Honestly, you all look alike to me.
Forget it—I ain’t no great white nark.
It's like I told you before, 'I don't know nothing about no surfboard.'
I may be a cruel, merciless and cold-blooded eating machine but I'm no snitch.
I'll take the 5th on the fur seal, but I've been trying to get that Trump guy all my life!
You can't pin this one on me. I was in the tank that night.
Sure it's Macky; look at those pearly whites.
Maybe I do, maybe I don't. I see a lot of legs.
No. I don't know anybody named Mack the Knife.
I don't give a good goddamn whether you believe in climate change or not!
I wanna see a Netflix rep.
How do you know that surfer wasn't already missing his left leg before we reportedly met?
Can't really tell without seeing his legs.
Looks like they should've had a bigger boat
Not my teeth marks--I have an overbite.
I'm telling ya, I didn't chomp down on anything!
I told you last year. The last time I saw the whole NCIS cast they were flying over my back!
That's him, the one with the harpoon.
Well, I can't deny that we look very similar. My lawyer's on his way.
I don't know. We were all in a frenzy!
So this must be the “tasty cop, inedible cop” routine.
Yeah, that's the guy, but I dont' know anything about the missing leg.
Yeah, that's my chum. What of it?
A traffic ticket ! I was fishtailing , not speeding.''
He called himself Charlie Tuna.
For the ratings; why else?
I never saw that fish in my life.
I was on vacation at Seal Island!
I've never seen that human's appendage.
No, I will not do a 'Land Shark' skit on SNL!
I'm a vegan, I tell you. It wasn't me!
I know him. He's just out there as bait. You guys gotta' go for the big fish
If I say 'I don't know' will you waterboard me again?
You do know my eyes are on the side of my head.
For the umpteenth time, can I please have some water?
Ha! I know a fishing expedition when I see one!
I'm sure he was a nice, tasty fat man, but for the last time, I was on a cleanse last week.
That's a Hammerhead, hammerhead!
You were ice fishing without a permit.
Wait, is this because I'm a shark?
Until you move it to either side of me, I can't see a damn thing!
The press labels you a 'killing machine,' and suddenly you're wanted for all the line-ups.
You're not in Hollywood anymore, punk.
Yes, we were chummy in school.
I refuse to answer any questions without my lawyer and my lamprey present.
I don't know nothin' about any missing diver in March '76! I'm tellin' ya, call my agent! We was out at the Oscars that night!
Hold that just a tad closer.
That, my dorsal finned friend, was the Presidential Seal!!!
Nah, I can't ID him without seeing him in scuba gear.
I ain't never seen that leg before. You got nothin', chum.
You're confusing me with Ted Cruz.
What are you going to do? Send me up the river?
When did eating become a crime?
My name is Mr. Wonderful and I'm just a shark trying to make a buck.
Can I have some water? I mean, a lot of water.
That was my twin brother.
Yeah.. that's Al Dente. Last time I saw him he was swimmen with the fishes
Is this Mac Krel?
Is this your only menu?
I want a lawyer ... in fact, I could go for two!
Gentlemen, your case has officially jumped the me.
I was told there would be snacks.
I got nuth'in to say till I talk to my cousin Vinnie!
You can threaten disbarment all you want. I still don't know him.
ya, that's the one. he was swimming with the sharks.
Spielberg, Schmeilberg! I don't remember!
'I told him being he didn't want to grow up to be a loan shark'
This is the last time you intimidate the jury pool.
Wasn't me Tubbs.
Yeah, I took a bite out of him...eh crime.
Why is it that every time someone has a big bite taken out of them you bring me in?
I don't eat vegans
Yeah.....I seen him. He sleeps with the fishes.
Ok, ok, ok – Maybe I know someone who knows someone who MAYBE got a piece of Mr. Wonderful and Mr. Cuban, but nobody in MY tank would touch the FUBU guy, y'know, Mr. John. I mean c'mon - y'think we don't know Black Lives Matter?
You wouldn't be accusing me if I was a Great White Shark.
I'm innocent - I could never eat anybody that ugly.
He had it chummin'
That is also a jet. What are you getting at?
I will never forget that hook
I broke up with that mermaid two years ago and ain't seen her since.
Profiling.
Can this shark really read, or am I just really over my head with my imagination?
You'd better look at that menu again, grilled shark isn't on there.
No I don't 'recognize him'. I'm a shark; I can't see an inch past my snout. You have a blood sample I can sniff?
What did I do? Killed them all of course. I'm a goddam shark Poindexter.
The polling numbers came back on your new attack ads
Where I'm from, it's not a crime to be a predator.
Fine. Waterboard me.
I already told ya--they all look like seals to me.
Do you confess to know these words from the song Mack the Knight?
Good luck finding that clown. Yeah, I worked with him before. Until he blew up on me. Is this a joke, I thought that clown was found back in '03.
I’m getting a little light-headed, when do we get to the water-boarding?
But these are all mug shots.
Yeah I knew him, and he was delicious.
The air in this room is killing me.
Not sure what to tell ya... they all look like seals to me.
No, I have never seen the missing tuna.
Did you or did you not write these words to this criminal song Mack the Knife?
You cops are all the same. Whenever someone is bitten in half while surfing, it's always the shark's fault.
You’re not an entrepreneur; you’re a want-repreneur.
That welsher? Never so much as lent 'im a fin.
No officer, I've never seen that surfer in my life.
I'm tellin' ya, I wasn't even around that day. I was up at Martha's Vineyard.
What's that, a lunch menu?
Do you recognize this mackerel?
I won't rat on no shark's kin. Take yours to a laudromat!
How many times do I have to say it, I'm vegan now.
Shark fin? Looks like chicken noodle to me.
When the judge sees this, you're finnished.
Sorry…I can only recognize him by his feet.
If the tooth mark don’t fit, you must acquit.
I didn't do it. I haven't had money to loan since the Democrats took over.
I’ve heard that it’s much more likely to be a killed by a dog or a snake—or even by a bee sting.
That's my twin brother, the card shark.
No, but his arms and legs do ring a bell.
I said I don't know him. I don't hang with bottom-feeders!
Na, not him. He had a bigger boat.
I've never seen that pilot fish in my life.
I eat guys like you for lunch!
You and I both know Maritime Law doesn’t apply here, so what’s this really about?
My entry, Sir/Madam, 'Yeah, that's him, we were in Torts together.'
Less facial hair.
So I had the tuna. Big deal.
Wouldn't this fall under species profiling?
All those arms look alike to me.
Are you denying that you were born in Canada?
I told you already, the tornado threw me into him.
I recognize the flippers. But I could say that about so many meals.
I told you, I'm just a loan shark!
He swam up to me in a black suit dressed as a seal. That's entrapment!
Just remember, I never sleep.
He's asking for another waterboarding chief, if you ask me!!
I didn't notice who killed the coral reefs. I was too busy eating a swimmer.
Innocent on all eight counts . . . Haul in the octopus!
We'll I have to admit, it does look a little fishy.
You tell me that doesn't look like a seal to you!
You're bluffing. You know those aren't my fingerprints.
Hey, that's not me. I was the right-shark not that left-shark character.
And the name Nemo means nothing to you?
