He doesn't play well with others.
ignorance is bliss
Two clear cases of A.D.D.
Crazy is what crazy does.
He's too cheap to buy binoculars.
Et tu, Blue Jay?
Definte drone.
Uncle Marty still can't stop looking for the WMDs
Bastard!
A pear tree that's not, or I'm a partridge.
Something about a horse with no name, I don't know.
If e finds the care keys we can drive out together
He needs a pointer dog!
What's that thing Chirper is perched on?
I hear he works on commission.
It's a organic peep sight.
What's the worst that could happen if we said hi?
All in all I'd rather be two in the bush.
He's feeling confident after that Bernie event.
He likes to play chicken.
He said he had no choice but to find extra work to pay for his Hamilton tickets.
Good thing Robin sends out tweets constantly.
I guess he's stinking inside the box.
Don't worry - he won't sing.
She does all her own stunts.
whistle while you work, indeed.
Tweet if you want; I already posted on Instagram.
I swear / oscine / will sing / for anyone in / proper / hunting attire
Blue jay, red state.
Maybe it's deer season.
Don't look now, but your ex is dating another hunter.
The way he shoots it is the safest place to be
Finch's friend is off to kill a mockingbird.
I suppose it was inevitable the GOP would get its own Bernie Bird.
Next up is Trevor, attempting the reverse piggy-back, otherwise known as "Look behind you, stupid".
How many of us is he worth?
He has a really high sense of self-worth.
Sometimes they just have to learn.
That's the signal. Ticks, on your ready.
I get the feeling we have nothing to worry about.
Honey, do we still have some popcorn packets left?
He's an old hippy.
I didn't believe it either...being paid just to tweet all day. Let's stay here and see how many followers they have!
He's got his back.
He's a yellow-bellied stool pigeon and a red-breasted Benedict Arnold.
He thinks he's a bird colonel.
Careful, I think that gun is loaded with birdshot!
I wish that nimrod would stop tweeting.
And they call us 'birdbrains'.
Don't mind him. He's insane.
I don't understand adrenalin junkies at all.
Should we tell him that he's on the tip of the rifle?" "He'll figure it out soon enough
I think the element of surprise has backfired!
Believe me, with this strategy he'll learn to fly in no time.
Obviously left the nest too soon.
Apparently, he used to be a wedding photographer
Only invasive species will do that job.
Must be that Vermonter.
It took a lot of therapy, but she's forgiven her Dad's killer.
I think it's a cuckoo.
First the Lion King, and now Elmer Fudd? Man, I just love Broadway live!
Now do you believe me dear? He's so not ready to go flying unsupervised...
Hold on Bob... Who's on which team now?
I thought heli-skiing would get it out of his system
It's hard to believe that we're worth the same.
First Bernie Sanders, now this.
Pushing him out of the nest might have been a bad idea.
It's that 'put a bird on it' meme.
Petey is riding shot gun again.
I'd say he has a "death wish"
She was always the rebel in the family.
We have met the enemy and he is us.
Friend or foe, it's hard to know!
Who does he think he is?
He's a pretty good shot but his sense of awareness is poor.
Dumb and dumber.
Traitor!!!
Quisling starling tomato tomahto.
You've gotta give it to Bobby, he's got the best mating strategy in the forest.
That mockingbird has taken it to a whole new level.
So much for last week's intervention
Where did we go wrong?
'Don't you wish that turkey season would last forever?'
He's from Stockholm.
She says that they are just friends!
He's from the method acting school next door.
He hasn't been the same since Tiananmen Square.
Stockholm syndrome or just cuckoo?
Let's hope he's not a stool pigeon,
He's ALMOST worth the same as us.
No, actually it's strategy is rather brilliant.
Show-off!
I thought he was confused, but he's a Democrat.
Oh look Marge, a gun with the safety on, it's called a peeping Tom !
Another one bites the dust.
They follow each other on Twitter, too.
Exactly, and I think that having him not shave is irrelevant.
OK, Eddie will tweet three times - then we rush in and peck the guy's eyes out.
I don't know why adolescents insist on testing the limits.
Should we tell him.
Damn he got to ride shotgun again!!!!
I thought he wanted to go for a drive when he called shotgun.
We should raise our defence spend and stop freeloading off the US.
Loneliness makes strange bedfellows!
It will be just like Cyrano, I'll whistle and you fly out.
He said he'd whistle if he saw anything dangerous.
He always needed to feel in control!
' Cooee, he's behind you.'
Gary really hangs with a different crowd since he joined the NRA.
Next winter we're going somewhere less divisive.
Nearsighted, shmearsighted, he's just doing that to show off.
Well, they do say to keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
I'll take truth
No, I don't have a bucket list. You?
Embarrassing—just one twitter follower.
When life gives you a shotgun, ride it.
She's going through a peaceful protest phase.
I guess he got tired of tree branches.
She's telling us old George forgot his glasses again.
You have to love mocking birds
I'd say more like the blind leading the blind...
Now that's hootspa.
He needs a better lookout!
He prefers the backward facing seat in train cars, too.
I told you we should never have let him watch those Bugs Bunny cartoons.
Why does our son have to act so wild?
Kids today!
There goes Benefinch Arnold again.
I can't believe crazy Larry is going to poop on his gun.
He's been known to fly off the handle.
He did say something about '..but keep your enemy closer'.
Parakeets, the Log Cabin Republicans of Birdland.
Now we strike back!
Claimed they tweeted a few times and one thing led to another...
What else would you expect from a Stool Pigeon?
Lester is the last one I thought would switch sides.
Dave, have you seen a better analogy for this year's election?
You really think this is what the Founding Fathers meant with the 2nd Amendment?
It may be too late if we DO see eye to eye.
I thought Elmer Fudd was just a myth.
Wing man.
Cataracts.
He's no Dick Cheney, that's for sure
He always gets to sit shotgun.
Smug bastard, thinks he's worth more than us.
His name is Neville Chamberlain
One of these days that's going to come back to bite him!
There's our lookout!
Race traitor!
One on the gun is better than two in the bush.
That's the worst decoy placement I've ever seen.
Dude, I bet that it is an interesting rear sight aiming experience.
He's always was saying "carpe diem!" but that just looks carpe dumb to me.
Frank works for the hunting lobby.
Our scout seems to be getting somewhat reckless.
You realize we're two in the bush, right?
That quail knows Dick Cheney shoots only lawyers.
He's better at truth or dare than I thought.
He's practicing for Twick or Tweet.
Polly is so brave to tweet out alerts to the other animals!
It's hard to decide who's more clueless.
He always rides shotgun when he travels
He used to work as the canary in the coal mine.
Told you he was the dumbest one since Dan...
Season 5, Season 6--what difference does it make when the plot never changes?
He's too lazy to find his own food.
He's literally riding shotgun.
Now I'm not sure what to believe about Bernie Sanders and guns.
I told you he never turns down a "DARE".
That chick has balls.
Looks like we found our bird sanctuary.
He won't be so cocky when bird season opens tomorrow.
Hope he doesn't see us or he'll sing like a…….never mind.
I heard he was force-fed as a chick.
Just look at her. She thinks she's worth the same as the both of us put together!
Stockholm Syndrome
The old birds are tricky.
That's true. But, they do have opposable thumbs.
He nose best.
I knew her yellow feathers spelt trouble.
Looks like Elmer's forgotten his glasses again.
When he said "you'll have to pry it from my cold dead talons," it was pretty clear he favored the right wing.
You go girl!
Being an endangered species has it's perks.
I like her style.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
I don't know what that's worth, but it definitely isn't two in the bush.
He's not worth two in the bush yet!
I think the hazing has crossed the line.
OK Mickey, now move up a few inches and do your business in that hole.
Shall we join him? It's the only safe perch.
I guess he couldn't find a duck decoy.
He turned out to be a real snake in the grouse.
He's so vain - probably thinks he's worth two of us.
I agree, a bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
Riding shotgun again!
A bird on the gun is worth two...
I'd say he's branching out.
He was a bird dog in a former life.
Kids today... they're so in-your-face!
Poor typists. They hunt and peck.
You gotta admit she'd make an excellent confit.
She's always protesting something.
You think we should tell him?
Why do women stay in abusive relationships?
Should we tell him it's not a branch?
There she is!" "That chick really is the queen of performance activism.
One on the gun worth two in the bush.
Oh, look! Elmer Fudd with Tweety-Bird.
He used to hunt for ducks.
Is she hiding, helping or just stupid?
He's always lived for the moment.
Looks like Bertie decided to go with Tree-Mobile.
It's called "counting coup."
I don't know what's wrong with me. There was a time when that would've struck me as funny.
They met on OkCuckoopid.
He always said he wanted to play chicken.
'I guess a bird in hand really isn't worth two in the bush.'
He’s paying her in worms to scout for deer.
Maybe home schooling's not so bad?
That's Felix and Oscar - - they just moved into #4B.
I don't think you want to be on that perch
Supports gun rights and leaning to Bernie.
Not just a nuthatch – a gun nuthatch.
He's not fooling anyone with that decoy.
Looks like entrapment to me.
Kurtz has gone rogue.
When did Larry turn into a stool pigeon?
I hate playing Truth or Dare with that guy.
A bird on the gun is worth two in the bush.
Well, it does put - for the moment - a nicer twist on giving someone the bird.
And from then on, the legend of "Pedro" was whispered among trees and nests in awe.
I think we are safe with this one, what's for lunch?
Well, I, for one, say she is relying too much on her membership card to the NRA.
Looks like the NRA finally got to Saint Francis.
Don't play chicken with him.
I'm afraid that Jim has grown tired of seed.
You just know he's going to tweet about this.
You're right--it IS Bernie Sanders.
That could be a cardinal sin
Maybe we shouldn't have lined the nest with 'Field and Stream.'
HE'S ONE OF THE BRAVEST DOCUMENTARY JOURNALISTS I KNOW.
I know Bob is really a quail... but he sure looks like a sitting duck!
He went vegan years ago, but he hasn't told his wife.
he's no chicken
Evolution works in mysterious ways.
those two sure do have a strange relationship
You've gotta love mockingbirds.
Does he know that man's a friend of Dick Cheney?
Watch him spin like a top when Harry does duck quack imitation !
He doesn't like to fly.
Decoy duty.
Mockingbird: "Hey, Magoo!"
I warned everyone in the forest, and you ate the hunters lunch...So long you traitor.
Well, Jay always said "The best defense is a shotgun offense."
You can hang him and lard him with bacon, but he just doesn't roast well.
That's the lazy way to migrate.
He's too old for her.
Worst production of "To Kill a Mockingbird" ever!
It's nice that someone finally answered his mating call.
I'd say the birdbrain is on the right.
What a cocky little cunt.
Hers is the best ventriloquism of a bull elk's bugle I have ever heard.
What's the exchange rate of "a bird on your gun?"
I told you he was a stool pigeon.
He loves riding shotgun.
That's a shotgun bird if I've ever seen one.
Looks like Elmer has a new twitter follower.
There's brave, and then there's stupid.
I think Bill the bird has this hunting thing all wrong.
It appears our friend has gone "cuckoo"!
Junior's balance beam training has paid off, dear.
It's part of the initiation.
If he knows his proverbs, we should be safe.
Beats us
Quail Tzu: Keep your enemies closer?
Think he'll beat Fred's record of 45 seconds?
Maybe we should get an NRA membership too.
I heard he's worth as much as both of us
Dare devilry is one of his mating ploys...
If it was me, I'd more than just alit on his rifle.
Just because you hunt don't mean you kill.
We pushed him out of the nest too early.
Ok, if he can stay there for another two minutes, he's in the club.
A little birdie told me he's a pacifist.
Hal lives by 'love thy enemies.' Seems risky to me.
The birdbrain volunteered to ride shotgun.
I wish Father had thought of that.
Why are we laughing? He's safer than we are.
I had no idea she was being radicalized.
And then eventually he'll discover poop on his barrel. Lou's editorial statements are so sublimely symbolic.
Great, we can invite the family over this weekend.
As long as we stay in this bush, and stick together, we should be OK.
Bird brain.
They met online.
Yes, that is my boy.
Now that's a Twitter moment!
The sparrows call that "riding shotgun".
hey bro
He's such a show-off.
No, I think it's a stool pigeon.
I see he got a new scaup.
She's only dating him to make us angry.
Conservationist?
Riding shotgun is safest if there's an accident.
I never trusted Henry.
The legend of Pistol Tweet.
Probably the safest place in the forest.
I wouldn't want to add either to my professional network.
Must be on his bucket list.
We assume his third genie wish will not have an ambiguous Twitter abbreviation.
Name had me minimizing the threat, but I never trusted that variety of pigeon.
What's a bird on the gun worth?
She'll do anything to get out of the nest and have fun and games with a guy she hasn't even met!
I'm not following his tweets.
That only works here in Arkansas.
I told you Judy was two faced.
You tweet and I'll retweet.
Mockingbird...
Its a rifle with a twitter handle.
"Shhh. It's a full-fledged male Eastern Checkered Hosap.
I hear he's a trick shot artist.
If he's smart, he'll wait before he tweets about this.
That's one 'double dare' I never thought he'd take!
He's such a showboater.
Our ride's here. Dibs on shotgun.
I've always wanted to ride shotgun.
I wouldn't fancy riding shotgun…
you have to admire George,he always like to live life in the fast lane
He will grow out of the rebellion soon.
Not fair. He's using a stool pigeon.
What a bird brain.
I don't know what to make of this. We're in the bush, but he's not in his hand.
maybe he should have taken truth.
I knew he'd sing, but I didn't think they could turn him.
What's up with all the kids doing 'slack gun' these days?
Talk about a great seat for the wedding.
Ever since Larry got that modeling gig at Twitter, he thinks he's invincible.
Maybe that's it. Hide in plain sight.
That stupid cousin of yours went over to their side.
I thought YOU did the stay away from humans training!
He's pro-gun, but I like his stance on migration.
Talk about a bird in the hand!
Your mother hasn't been herself since you left. Probably just a bad case of empty nest syndrome.
She's our mole.
Wow, Timothy will do anything for the retweets.
Woah! I'm going to tweet about this!
It beats going fishing.
No surprise. He tweeted a lot about the seduction of the Dark Side.
He just loves a good practical joke.
See I told you our daughter liked the wrong kind of boyfriend
I think it's a bird in hand...not "on gun."
If he holds his position he isn't in danger of being shot.
Reminds me of The Funeral March of the Pigeonette.
If you're not going to tweet about this, I am.
That Fred! He always was a kidder.
I can't wait to tweet about this.
Remember--he's more scared of us than we are of him.
Would never have guessed that Bernie likes to hunt.
Can you believe that -- birds of a feather I guess.
Keep your friends close...
Well, it's nice to know he has mixed feelings about the whole thing.
We'll drop our payload on the hat and shoulder targets.
#occupyshotgun
I understand he was voted out of the NRA recently
Not in my back yard vs The Gentrifiers
That bird is right up Lapierre's butt.
He comes from a long line of stoolies.
I told him to stay in the nest until the eye drops wore off.
There's our Freddie. He chirps to warn the animals to run away quickly!
Ugh. Stoolies!
Irony, it's a beautiful thing.
What's that saying again? A bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush laughing hysterically?
Sellout.
The bird on a gun is worth two birds on a limb!
Kids.
That's a barrel of laughs.
That's one approach to camouflage.
I am definitely tweeting this.
He's really a loon!
Talk about hiding in plain sight!
He must be going through puberty.
Ever notice that hunters on Twitter seem most conflicted about dove season?
Do you think it's wise for him to to mock the NRA?
He always was a strange bird.
His philosophy is to keep your enemies close.
I'm calling it, 'Birdie over Cheney.' Or maybe just, 'Put a Bird on It.'
Careful Phil , according to the tweets this area is trending right now!
Ironically, he's a lovebird.
Isn't it your turn to bring Junior for his feeding?
I'm going to work out so someday i can pose on a gun.
I'm too old for these Mockingbird X-Games.
And we're back, bringing you live coverage of the Avian X Games where the European Greenfinch has just stuck the landing!
It's only minimum wage, but it keeps him on his toes.
Tweeted he joined the NRA.
Maybe Ryan will get to the White House.
That's what I call playing hard to get.
I told you a bird on the man is worth two in the bush.
He wanted to live-tweet the shooting.
Wow... Check out the balls on Steve!
That Charlie, he'll go to the john wherever he feels like, no matter what.
I always knew Vinny was a rat.
Stoolie.
He likes to see the sights.
Non-committed delegate I suppose...
He's calling the shots now.
Don't look at her, don't look. She's just a decoy.
A few years in a cage and now he's a stool pigeon.
Let's not judge him for going for Trump; we went for Bush.
They say that's the safest place to be during hunting season.
Guns don't kill birds, people kill birds.
Rumor has it he gets fresh worms for being a spotter.
He volunteered to be on point and warn us if he sees any "bird hunters" around.
I've heard of the Riflebird but it's the first time I have actually seen one.
I guess it's his swan song.
You got to love those Marine Recon Rangers.
Irv has always been a risk taker.
I don't understand the appeal, but it's her life.
Reminds me......do you remember Elmer Fudd?
Tweety always did like to live dangerously.
The young ones think they're so clever.
He's about to send his last tweet.
Now if he can somehow get to the bullets...
Like my dad used to say, "keep your wrens close, but your enemies closer."
The sad part is that neither of them sees the other.
Don't worry it's deer season
I told you LASIK surgery doesn't work.
I said double dog dare, he HAD to do it.
And they say that humans are the most intelligent species.
I told you Tweety had gone over.
Nah, we're safe. He already has a down jacket.
Notice how Farmer Brown makes a complete 180 each time he hears a tweet.
We should never have named him 'Nemo.'
Best D-U-C-K player I have ever seen.
He won't find us using a stool pigeon.
Otto's always been a dare devil!
Bill just doesn't get the idea of 'a good guy with a gun.
She's so arrogant. I heard her say she's worth the two of us here in the bushes.
Look at her up there so proud. I wish he will just shoot her.
He was far from the brightest egg in the nest.
It's her new consulting gig.
He thinks an enemy kept close at hand is better than two friends in bush.
I think we're safe, it's Dick Cheney.
He's got a bird in the hand, but we're worth just as much.
Thrillseeker!
For such a pretty little thing, she sure knows how to rub it in.
Must be a right-wing.
Joe always wants a birds eye view of the rear when hunting.
I told her she needs glasses.
Oh lets add that to my birder's notebook ... stool pheasant!
Cool front sight on his gun!
Someone should tell him there are no free rides.
I can't wait to *tweet* this!
Looks like Junior has a new shtick.
Blue bird on my shoulder makes me happy.
When you think about it, maybe he's not so crazy after all.
He loves to remind us that he's not a game bird.
Pass the word. We've a stool pigeon.
It looks like all of those tweets have changed his position on guns.
Adrenaline junkie.
I believe it's called Woodcock Syndrome.
I didn't believe he'd do it, but he was game after all.
Hiding in plain sight!
Someday we'll sing songs about him.
I don't know what she sees in him!
Icarus would be proud.
Better than a wall mount. Or is it just symbiotic!
Harold always makes follow the leader interesting.
Looks like his best bird-hunting days are behind him.
This is a classic case of miscommunication
It's called transcendental hunting.
Hence the name 'mockingbird.'
Dare you to yell 'It's rabbit season!'
He's just not that in to you
Our plans are set in motion. Little Flipin is ready to pounce on whatever that hunter kills.
He's taking this Mocking Jay thing to a whole new level.
Three to one he notices the squirrel in his pants first.
Very good, but for my 'Truth or Dare' task, I'm going to have to flip him my middle claw.
Either he's one of those trained 'rear guard' service birds or he can't stand looking at that stupid hat."
Beats voting Republican!
I don't trust his Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah.
That's what you call a sitting duck
I don't know which one's more stupid.
He must be a mocking bird.
We need cool hats.
It's time you talked to our son about the facts of life.
Well straight down the barrel is the last place he will look.
It's a new invasive species called a Sightbird.
One pheasant says to the other pheasant whispering "I'm gonna go out on a limb here... that looks safe to me!"
I told that sucker he'd be worth more over there than with us 2 in the bush.
Do you think they know about each other?
Hmmm, that "safe" perch looks like a 12 gage choke to me.
I thought he meant he was going over to the other side of the forest.
He always was a bit cuckoo.
It's okay. He only shoots birds on the wing!
He still hasn't seen the first robin of the spring.
Using bird-sight for targeting should be illegal.
He flew into the same window four times yesterday.
He thinks he's a bird dog.
Either he's one of those trained 'rear guard' birds or he can't stand looking at that stupid hat.
He's as crazy as a loon....literally.
Mr. Wilson was never a good hunter.
Walter acts like he is so brave. Let's see him move 9 inches down the barrel.
Herbert was never a big fan of Darwin.
That's pretty woodcocky.
"Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer" is what I said...Didn't think he'd take it so literally...
Don´t pay any attention. It´s just a decoy.
That's Bernie Sanders' P.R. guy.
Well, he is whistling while pacing.
Your peep's been at those fermented berries again.
That my fine feathered friend is a Mocking bird.
Seems that camo pattern works better than we thought.
"Gotta love those "Make Squabs Not War" guys.
It's something to tweet about.
I think Birdie has forgotten what socialists look like.
Doesn't he know that it's unsafe to carry a gun that way?
Maybe WE should join the N.R.A..
Begin the hostage exchange.
It may be rabbit season but he's really pressing his luck.
Turntail.
Yea! Keep your enemies close.
he got ted
Some type of young pigeon---a stoolie, I think.
Ha, she just made a nest in his barrel.
Bold move, hiding in plain site.
It's like my father always says, 'stay close to your friends, stay closer to your enemies'.
Can you believe she joined the NRA?
I know, Woody's hilarious, he's edgy, he pushes the envelope...but I worry about him.
I think this vegan trend is finally catching on.
Whenever that guy goes duck hunting he hires Robin as his spotter.
It’s amazing anyone survives adolescence.
Your cousin literally flew the coup
Must be a peace dove.
'Bluebird of Happiness;' and he'll never find it!
We could have been the three MUSKETeers
I had a hunch Phil was sleeping with the enemy.
I think that the term 'riding shotgun' seems to get lost in translation for birds.
Poor Carl has really lost it ever since his tail got shot off.
Now that's what I call riding shotgun
Now that's definitely worth two in the bush.
I'll tweet and you can retweet.
I thought decoys were for duck hunters.
There aren't any NRA supporters on my side of the family..
He had the best warning chirp until he Turnfeathered.
Didn't I read we are now an endangered species?
Did you start the timer?
Remember how Fox and the Hound started?
It looks dangerous, but it's actually not a bad strategy.
Best be quiet, though he's only hunting rabbits.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
He's doing it for the vine.
Stockholm Syndrome has come home to roost.
Wait for it...Wait for it...
It's a right of passage for some species.
That is living on the edge
I don't see how giving him the bird has helped our cause.
What does he think we are, Dodos?
Where have we failed as parents?
Pretty safe spot if you think about it.
Well, Gary has been going to a therapist but he still isn't exactly facing his fears...
I wish I could be more intelligently articulate, but what a douchebag, it's his second amendment right
Talk about your luck of the draw.
Relax it's only birdshot.
Do you think he knows he's a hotshot?
If you Instagram it, I'll re-Tweet it.
I heard it was a shotgun wedding.
You have to admire her willingness to reach across the aisle.
I get why he's an NRA member. Her I don't get at all.
He always was a risk-taker.
Don't be fooled - it's just a cheep stunt.
She's riding shotgun.
I wish we had the guts to flip him the bird.
So that's a CAT scan
Well, he is a purebred stool pigeon.
He's been coming here for years, never fired a shot. He is not a very good NRA member in my opinion.
Send him another tweet.
Now, how's that for ridin' a shotgun, eh ? or That's what I call ridin' a shotgun
You can always spot a rabbit hunter.
That's the new gun that never misses, it's called the Viagra.
He carries a gun, but I say, keep your eye on the birdie.
"I told you going vegetarian would make him a Democrat".
its ok he's heading for the high school
Tweety's safe enough there, Fred used to be a guard at the Clinton prison upstate.
I hope that plan doesn't backfire on him.
I give her a '10' for her first solo flight, a '1' for the landing.
Polly floats like a bird, but has no fear like a bee.
There goes Tweetle Dee and Tweetle Dumb.
Maybe I should take him out of the will
She needs to stop falling for the first guy who cocks a finger at her.
"Time to re-tweet".
Ever since that Sanders thing, he keeps asking, 'Have Marty Scorsese's people called today?'
He's a little cuckoo when it comes to gun control.
I hope his eggs are served Benedict.
He's on the hunt for whoever sent out that Tweet he didn't like.
If ya can't beat 'em, join 'em I guess.
Just spit-balling here, but I bet the intersection of Mensa membership and NRA membership is the null set.
Look at her, acting like she's better than two of us in the bush!
Help me, Dear. Is that irony or coincidence?
I told you it was a cult.
What time does junior go off duty?
I'd say he's a sitting duck, but that would be racist.
It's not bravery so much as the conficence of the inedible.
It's his own way of honoring the pigeons in Tiananmen Square.
I hope he doesn't assume there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Are you for sure that the saying goes " A bird in the hand ...... ? "
"I hope I am not dinner tonight".
I hear he joined the NRA.
How long has he been blind?
Tweedie's on lookout
Who do you think will let it rip first?
Now, there's the definition of "Irony"...
If you see something, tweet something.
Y'know, I hope old Polly finally got that cracker before her time was up.
Send him a tweet saying the hunter has him over a barrel!
That little tweet is showing off again.
I bet him two worms that he couldn't get close enough to poop on his gun. Looks like it's time to start digging!
From our perspective two birds in a bush always beats one bird on a rifle
We have to get him out of there. Send him a Tweet.
He's not gonna fool us with the old safe place for a bird trick this time.
Where is the loyalty?
peep sight?!.. no TRAITOR
Dead man perching...
I don't want to get philosophical, but we're only worth half as much as him.
He's a vegan. He only shoots falling leaves.
I TOLD her not to up with that on-line dating service.
Well, one in three IS pro-gun.
Classic mustache cleaning symbiosis.
How many tweets could a twitter twit tweet if a twitter twit could tweet tweets?
Well, he's definitely from your side of the family.
Guess that bird on the barrell is worth 2 of us in the bush.
He'll probably want his money back on those invisible seeds you sold him.
Let's hope he's a bird in hand type of guy.
That's that 'brown-noser thrush.'
Alright, Rosco just gave us the signal and there is no backing out now. Remember, we are doing this for Bambi.
Brownnoser!
So ... hindsight isn't *always* 20/20.
I wonder which the hunter prefers, the bird on his barrel or us two in the bush?
Can you imagine getting paid to tweet?
Which do you think is more clueless?
I told her hitchhiking was dangerous!
Best we not follow that tweet.
Shouldn't they BOTH be pacing......
Technically, that is the safest place to be...
I remember when being a bird brain stood for something.
You must be new in the neighborhood. Don't worry, it's a statue.
Her tweets are followed by everyone.
Pretty tricky gun sight!
Ohoho! politics
They negotiated a temporary cessation of hostility.
He's always been one to hang out with the wrong crowd.
Why didn't we think of that?
He did always fly to the beat of his own gunner.
Naked is the best disguise.
A right wing sparrow? What does he do with the other one?
I told her not to play games !
And that's how the expression "bird-brain" originated.
Should we whistle?
Anyone who falls for that decoy, deserves to get shot.
No Ralphie, he'll shoot you're eye out!
When do you think he'll realize that's not him whistling?
Reckon he didn't bring a dog!
It's the first sign of overcrowded trees.
Must be some type of fraternity pledge.
I knew our girl would bring us honor. First, that noble call for peace on Bernie's podium, and now fearlessly standing up to the gun lobby. What injustice will she challenge next?
The mockingbirds got nothin' on old Fred.
A bird on the shotgun is not worth two birds in the bush.
You're right, he is a little cuckoo!
She's not to be rifled with.
He just loves messing with them!
With balls that big he won't be able to fly away
Coming from an ophthalmologist's office, Tweety knows hyperopia.
Looks like our son, Dan Quail, is standing firm.
oh to be young and fearless again
I can't believe we got front row seats to Evel Knary.
We're safe he's not a serious hunter.
He's made a deal
Birdie, promise me you'll never ride shotgun.
Never heed the call of the Judas Bird.
They call him the gun whisperer.
Sycophant.
Don't believe it. He's a decoy.
Sure they did a great job capturing your likeness, but posing for hunting decoys seems like a morally-questionable way to start off your modeling career.
We're about to see if ,"A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush."
He's so out of your league.
when I said go play "on the hunters" I meant it figuratively
He says he got the idea from Occupy Wall Street.
Better call the suicide hotline.
It’s a cheep shot.
Ducks don't kill birds. Ducks kill themselves.
He replaces the viewfinder! Ready? Aim. Fire!
I didn't know you could get Twitter out here.
Millennials need mentoring.
He wanted to change the system from within.
I know what they say about keeping your enemies close, but that's just ridiculous.
Stephen Hawking he isn't, but then who is?
Not effective camo.
Birdy's chirping creates a No-War glow zone around hunter's feet.
He never buckles up. So reckless!
I know, it's crazy, but he says he's hiding in plain sight.
Now I kinda wish he had taken 'truth' instead of 'dare.'
She's getting paid to live tweet his hunt.
The hunter, the hunted, and the haunted…
She's gone to the Dark Side!
I preferred it when he used a dog.
Duck or he'll start singing like a canary!
Damn it Larry, this is not how you ride shotgun.
Harold never was too 'fly.
That's why he's popular.
She's going to the NRA protest.
Northern mockingbird.
Must be one of those vegans we keep hearing about
Are we still worth less in this situation?
A bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
We didn't prepare him for the real world.
Guy sells out for a handful of sunflower seeds.
The NRA's twitter strategy is a little too...literal.
Teenagers. They think they're invincible.
Oh now he just loves hunting.
And I thought we were cuckoo.
'Keep your friends close and your enemies closer' is one thing. This is just stupid.
Where is the gun lobby going?
That reminds me. What's for dinner?
Did you know that a bird on a gun is worth two in the bush?
How does he always get to ride Shotgun?
"What!!! You forgot the camera???
That's absolutely brilliant! He found the safest place to be when a bird hunter is on the loose.
Heroic, stupid, and novel, all at the same time.
"Your dad can be embarrassing sometimes. Especially when he lets his boyfriend play in the sandpit".
I always took him for a stool pigeon.
There goes Bernie Bird endorsing Sanders again.
Now that's what you call a real jailbird snitch!
He knows his enemy a little too well.
I double-dog dared him.
He's REALLY got our buddy over a barrel now.
Was Quisling a bird?
Well, look who's going all Second Amendment on us.
Would you say that bird is worth as much as us?
I guess that punk's feeling lucky today.
Rudy's so much happier now that he's gone domestic.
That boy ain't right...
Bird dog bird
He's taken "riding shotgun" to a new level.
That's why I never ride shotgun.
Same decoy as last year. Honestly, I don't known why he bothers.
Tweety was always a bit nearsighted.
What a token!
Now I see why they say "position's everything in life".
He's not so much IN the crosshairs as he IS the crosshairs.
We're safe.
The field guide says that's a predator usually found with a cuckoo bird.
Impossible to not shoot birdie on this course.
Don't worry, he's hunting wabbits.
Too much! A birdie lands on Bernie's podium and everyone needs one to stay relevant. Dick Cheney, though?
Do you think he has any idea where he's perched?
Well, I guess what you don't know may actually hurt you.
I told him not to call Uber!
He must have balls the size of peanuts.
Let's hope this idiot has read Aesop's Fables.
Little smarty called shotgun.
Don't worry, it's a Canadian hunter.
What's the saying -- a bird on the gun is worth two in the bush?
I hear he's working for peanuts.
His family says that he is not allowed to talk about his line of work.
Know thy enemy. Shi. No Tzu.
Why does SHE get to ride shotgun?!
Liberating , or so she says
Damn mockingbirds have to harass everybody and everything.
As Sun Tzu said, 'Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.'
I thought Johnny said he was a pacifist?
See how safe guns are in the the good ole USA? I told you so!
This just seems like another one of his calls for help.
That there is your classic peep sight.
I never figured Ted would turn out to be the stoolpigeon.
He did it. Little guy once told me his was going to face away from his fears.
There's no way she's worth the two of us.
A hunter under your wing is worth two in the bush.
He was let go as canary in a mineshaft.
Larry's just a Second Amendment Twitter troll.
Thankfully, one on the arm is worth two in the bush.
Walking on the wild side, would ya say?
Bob's a risk taker.
Play it cool for now. After the revolution we'll execute him as a collaborator.
I swear, they get dumber every year.
It's called Stockholm Syndrome.
He never buckles up. So reckless with guns!
This is how I'll always remembers him.
Game on!
Some of us like living on the edge.
I’m not one to interfere with natural selection.
That's my wingman.
Hipsters will put a bird on anything.
It's a flock initiation.
He must be a left winger? You think!
yeah, but to win the bet he still has to poop in the barrel
So much for birds of a feather.
It was on his bucket list.
An odd choice for friendship, but you should hear their whistle & chirp duets!
What makes him so sure that the hunter is deaf and dumb?
Fred: "It's his start-up company's DRONE-SCOUT." Ralph: "This is a field-test?" Fred: "It's stupid." Ralph: "Why do you say that?" Fred: "It ain't working, is it?"
It's time to have 'the talk' with our kid.
If he hadn't lost his camel he would have made it by now
Again, Freddy yelled "Shotgun!" before the others.
That's one unflappable hatchling....course, they're blind for 2 weeks.
I heard he was scouting for the other side....
Patience. Patience. An unsuspecting hunter will approach our decoy...then WHAM!
Not just stupid, he's a real bird brain.
In this case I'd rather be the 'two in the bush.'
Ready, aim, fly.
Remind me to unfriend her when we get back to the nest.
It's a plastic bird for NRA propaganda.
Benedict Audubon!
The NRA has really gone to the birds this year, wouldn't you say?
We need to work on his landings.
That old coot can really guard his post. He also shows tremendous balance perched on that rifle like that.
Disgusting what some do for money...
Keep your enemies closer...
Seems like we're the only ones who don't have to worry when Dick Cheney goes hunting.
That young pheasant is as crazy as a loon!
Does the concept of "stool pigeon" come to mind?
Collaborator or stool pigeon? I prefer the play on words.
Better turn tail than turn coat
He's obviously prey. Let's eat him.
Icarus Jr. sure does take after his father.
I don't understand why he votes against his own interests.
He gives new meaning to driving shotgun.
Say what you want, but she's not chicken.
Benedict Arnold!!!
If birds have balls, he is exhibit A.
No worries, he's just out wabbit hunting today.
But he's not in hand, so how could we be...
He must be from Portland.
Yo, Harry! Now we dare you to peck him on the head!
Her last perch was on a podium.
Peacenick.
It's part of their mating ritual. Which explains the whole endangered thing.
That's not exactly what I meant when I said to him: 'Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.'
That's genius, she's out of the line of fire.
He's taking your keep-your-enemies-close advice to an extreme.
He feels that as long as he's on that side of the barrel, he's safe.
We’re safe, Cheney looking for Harry Whittington
She thinks she's so great!
Early bird gets the slug
He uses it for Twitter blasts.
That probably will work better than our lame camouflage plumage.
Even Bambi's mother was cracking up when she was telling me about this one.
Early bird catches Warren.
If he can hang on, it is the safest spot.
I told you he couldn't turn down a dare.
Although we may only be worth one "in the hand"; I don't whether we're worth more than one "on the shotgun," so let's just stay put.
Look! It's a gun barrel warbler.
That's why I don't play Truth or Dare.
She's exercising her right to sit on whatever stick she chooses.
No harm, no fowl.
I told you we never should have moved to Oregon.
Little Birdie tells me the NRA ain't going down in this election without a fight.
Is that your daughter who had the shotgun wedding?
Cliché? No strategic undervaluation.
Bugs Bunny should show up any minute now.
I told he was an informant.
I told you he was really a stool pigeon.
The infiltration phase seems to be a success.
These kids today with their extreme sports.
"Neither of them know what they are doing"!
He thinks he's part of the 1 percent
Now that's what I call Pooptopia.
See that fake ass male bird on the end of the shotgun...not fooling us...
Well, he's got her back.
You're the client but, in my opinion, wailing "your time is coming" to the judge is not a winning defense strategy.
I call it Gun-Stockholm Syndrome.
You say he’s keeping his enemies closer, I say he’s gone over to the other side.
Probably not worth 2 birds in a bush
You know if you yell something really loud in an English accent it becomes an Australian accent?
In 3, 2, 1...
He is so grounded.
PSSSSST..hey Harvey look left! look left!
Ever since his tail was shot off he’s been into crazy brave protest stuff.
That would be the Nathan Hale of Quail.
He needed help whistling while he worked.
Whaddaya bet he's gonna learn how to whistle like a bird before she learns how to shoot like a human?
140 word obit coming up.
All things considered, it's probably the safest place to perch.
It,s the latest thing in bird watching.
That's my boy!
It's the dreaded peep sight.
It's like Moby-Dick was stuck to the bottom of the Pequod.
Now tell her to reguritate the worm into the barrell
Relax, dear. It's just another graduate from the Plaxico Burress Gun Safety School.
Elmer Fudsy.
Bird tweets aim so he just misses.
Looks like Cherper sold out to the NRA
That's Doug. You know, "from his cold dead talons" Doug.
I love deer season.
I feel bad that we called him a chicken.
Now that's something to tweet about.
I wonder if she knows.
He's new to this game
Looks Like Patti & Elmer had another fight.
Where did we go wrong with that kid?
There may be some lingering resentment.
That's the bravest form of protest.
It's actually a surprisingly safe place to be.
Let's see him chirp his way out of this one.
He's actually safer there.
He certainly isn't helping to continue our species population.
A bird on a barrel's worth two in the bush.
That bluebird of happiness is working overtime.
That Phil is one brave bird. No, he's just cuckoo.
Why would anyone want to ride shotgun?
Well his Myers-Briggs did peg him as arrogant and resistant to criticism.
If I were a protected species, I would show off too.
They've formed a symbiotic relationship.
He always liked to be close to the action.
We should be tweeting this.
Quisling.
SHE LIKES TO WALK ON THE WILD SIDE.
Bird in the bush 1: Wait...shouldn't that bird be in his hand??? Bird in the bush 2: WAIT a MINUTE...that's a decoy !!!!!
Is he shooting us the bird?
Yeah, he works for the other side, but I hear they pay him bird feed...!
One thing's for sure, he's no chicken.
He knows that's not a branch, right?
A bird in hand is worth 2 in the bush.
Well if that isn't a Birds eye-view I don't know what is
Shoot.
The nice man is going to teach junior the game of dodge bullet.
Never trust double agents.
I'm going to need that Branch Analysis Report Jay
He always has his quarry within his sights.
I am sure that the hunter can not kill us...." "Yeah, true.
He was so hopeful before the war.
Looks like he's gone over to the dark side.
Is that his bird dog?
Look at the pecker on that one.
If only he had a bird's eye view.
...I hear he tweets for the NRA
I don't think that's what " Riding Shotgun" means.
Why don't you fly over and introduce yourself to her? It's worth a shot.
He started off as a bad egg.
Uh oh... How many birds in the bush is one on the barrel worth?
I think we need to send him away to boarding school.
He's not brave. It's deer season.
You can tell, he is not one of us.
Didn't I tell you he was a bad egg?
ya man a bird
If I've told him one else, I've told him a thousand times not to skip school!
I thought you called Shotgun.
Yea, I have heard that...but what's a bird on a gun worth?
I hope he's worth two in the bush.
That lucky hen
"Who would have guessed that Bob would go over to the dark side"?
That, my friend, is chutzpah.
Arms dealer? Nice job, if you can get it.
Sometimes Bernie supporters can be too optimistic.
No one takes him seriously when he forgets his glasses.
I always new he was a sympathizer!
I'm pretty sure he was in charge on 9/11.
I think I'll take "Truth" instead of "dare"
Desperate Obliviousness.
Now why didn't I think of that?
I'm afraid that Tweetie has gone over to the dark side.
Not sure he understands the phrase BIRD's EYE VIEW.
He developed the Big Bang Theory.
A 'Right-Winger' if I ever saw one.
well, can you think of a safer spot?
He's got nerves of steel.
Well he was voted most likely to wind up under glass.
If he looks at you and says watch the birdie, fly!
He gets this from your side of the family.
He always calls 'shotgun' first.
There goes Cousin Tom
You gotta give her credit...denial suites her
I told you your ex was crazy!
Just remember, if he was one of us, Rick the Robin would be Phrick the Pheasant.
Pride of Place, I'd say.
ill give you 10 seeds if i saw hes blind
Don't say anything. Let's see what happens when she turns around.
God bless him for being the one in the hand.
So that's what you meant by "riding shotgun!"
Well, It looks like we can safely remove him from our No Fly Zone
Tweetie's been singing about a barrel of laughs.
Isn't he the one who told us to keep our friends close?
Fraternizing with the enemy?
I told you Bob was part Dodo.
He called shotgun first.
She's just joined the NRA.
With plumage less impressive than that of his male competitors, Fred tries desperately to cultivate a 'bad boy' image.
How did he know it wasn't a Taser?
One on the barrel.
At least that way he won't get shot accidentally
That's the most insulting decoy I've ever seen.
He must get that show off stuff from your side of the family.
Poor turnout at the sit-in.
I hate the way the songbirds get all cocky during hunting season.
Son of a gun!
Show some respect, it's the changing of the bird ceremony!
I didn't realize the grass was that deep!
Must be our lucky day.
It's your fault he's overconfident!
You promised me you were going to review where and where NOT to perch with him over the weekend, Bill!
I think he ruffled Bert's tail feathers.
Eggs Benedict anyone?
What an Uncle Tomtit
I hear that he's part stool pigeon.
Hey, he wants it on HIS terms.
DON,T WORRY, HE NEEDS EYE GLASSES.
Darwin was definitely onto something with his "survival of the fittest" theory.
Lionel always had boundary issues
Frank has become a real daredevil ever since he accidentally landed on that podium.
Phil thinks he's such a rebel. Wait until the mustached man gets a load of this.
I always knew he was a bit of a Judas
Does Sammy support a bird's right to bear arms, too?
I can't believe he dropped out of falconry school for this gig.
Harold the sparrow fell for that old trick.
Our daughter does this just to upset us !
Looks like Polly's exercising her 2nd amendment rights again.
Sure gives new meaning to "riding shotgun".
Well, that's one way to find his mother.
Whadya think ... decoy, thrill-seeker or just plain stupid?
Looks like Harold has upgraded to a peep sight.
If he puts birdseed down the barrel I will just molt!
Little Jackson is convinced he can change the entire hunting paradigm.
A bird on the barrel of a gun is worth a pair of birds in densely branch shrubbery
I guess it's like being a gay Republican.
So all he wanted was three night crawlers and some mealworms?
That must be Bernie Sanders' bird.
Hitch hiking can be dangerous.
That Sanders bird has gone too far this time
Look, he's friendly to out cause.
Forget the exchange rate, we're not leaving this bush.
Eating that poisonous mushroom didn't work out so now he's trying this.
46, 47, 48 - he just might make a new personal best
I just don't trust those birds from Vichy.
I've never seen so much crossover appeal with the Sanders campaign.
I can't see you, you can't see me
Just because he's out there and we're in here doesn't make us worth anything less.
I knew we shouldn't have moved to Vermont.
And our little Berty's constipation gone in 3...2...1...
She's our old style early warning system.
It’s the same trick we used to get Dick Chaney to shoot his friend in the face.
He likes to ride shotgun.
Why does that man have such small legs?
Better learn the basics before you try to kill two birds with one stone
No, it's a bird in the HAND is worth two in the bush.
If the sayings true, that bird has got to go!
Using decoys maybe unethical but it evens out when he tries to aim that thing.
I guess that's why it's called a 'murder' of crows...
One in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Its Latin name is Venator innocens, meaning "harmless hunter".
Next he'll have one of their bumper stickers on his butt.
Of course, I might be wrong...but I think hunting with him might be a real blast!
This isn't the beach, Gill...
Either he's a stool pigeon or a lobbyist for the NRA
As all wrens, he likes to brag.
Looks like a stool pigeon, from here.
The chicks dig the bad boys.
Lock and stock syndrome if I ever saw it.
Taking a shot as lookout's a lot safer than the mine job
I guess he's hunting with irony!
Do you think, helping a human disguise himself as a tree, is traitorous?
He's fallen behind with his ophthalmologist payment plan.
Their forbidden love will not last.
After seeing that dumb decoy pasted to his rifle, I now know what the expression "A Schmuck with ear-laps means!"
Stay still and no jokes about "riding shotgun"!
This ought to be good. I told him he's a protected species, but he completely isn't.
Talk about a lame duck
I guess the early bird gets the buck
Look who's gunning for this year's 'Balance Bird' crown.
Didn't he read the Bambi memo?!
First time I've ever seen a stool pigeon in the wild.
I can cover more worm-hunting-ground from this travelator!
Today I'm going to branch out.
Going forward, let's not hang out with Mike anymore.
She knows the safest place.
It's a coop d'etat!
And you thought tweeting online was dangerous
please let me know when you find your parents, bebe
Is one on the gun worth two in the bush?
I hear he's worth both of us.
Another self-hating chickadee.
He's not fooling anyone
Size matters.
He's got the fool going for 2 in the bush.
He's also voting for Cruz...
Keith is the dumbest smart bird I've ever met." "100%
Uber penetrates another market.
Hiding in plain gun sight?
I'm old school, but I'm down with 'live tweets'!
Thelma is about to have a close encounter of the unpleasant kind.
Impressive. Personally, I would have chosen "Truth".
The Arnold's had one bad egg named Ben.
His special needs status landed him a well compensated position in the no fly zone.
A total traitor. He hangs out with cats too, so I hear.
Just another self-hating bird.
Don't worry, it's just an NRA scarecrow.
Someone should tell him hitchhiking is dangerous
He's Twiddle Dumb.
You should see him during deer hunting season.
Let's be grateful that junior didn't fly away to join ISIS!
Song birds sure know how to rub it in.
Go ahead, scare him!
Thinks he's gonna be a big shot some day.
NO, I said it first--Darwin Award! Darwin Award!
Our baby unfortunately joined the NRA.
I still say the economics favor us.
You'll never see a pheasant do that
He started showing off when he realized he's worth double what we are
He's hiding in plain sight.
He's not worth two of us!
Just stay there and you can't get shot.
. . . and I always thought the Quisling Quail was just a myth, like the Loch Ness monster.
She's never had much luck picking a boyfriend.
I'm not surprised. His parents were stool pigeons.
Apostate!
He knows, right? He has to know.
Global warming is creating some strange bedfellows!
Humans are definitely evolving. Hunting birds are much more effective than hunting dogs.
I guess a bird on the gun is worth two in the bush.
He said that's the safest spot.
I don't know about you, but that seems worth a lot more than 'two in the bush' to me!
We never should have told Kiwi about the NRA.
Vilma, don't worry, our boy just likes making fun of these humans. He is warning our neighbors that humans with sticks on their shoulders could potentially hurt themselves.
Now I can see the benefit of a symbiotic relationship.
Personally I think a bird's eye view is over rated.
I've never trusted him.
He fires that thing backwards so he uses a seeing-eye bird as his scout.
Now that's a Robin with big kahuna's!
Perkins! A theory. Is a bird on a barrel worth two in the bush?
Birdbrained, I get it now.
That's Tweety. Always living life close to the edge...
She's sold her soul to The Hunter!
I'm suddenly and inexplicably hot for him.
Are you tweeting this?
He did call shotgun.
He wants a birds eye view of his prey.
I know that he always liked to live dangerously, but don't you think this is just plain flaunting it?
I thought we raised him better than that!
If I was that bird I wouldn't have agreed to a duel.
Why do you think she likes him? I can't imagine them seeing eye to eye on anything.
Hey, isn't he pledging Sigma Nu?
Got me for a moment - he almost looks real!
Got her 'big shot' going on again.
I hate how he insists on riding shotgun all of the time
Do you think he really doesn't know the difference between bird shot and bird seed?
That's the Bluebird of Haplessness.
Is that a cartridge in his pocket, or is he just a happy hunter?
I heard he wanted to be a decoy.
Please, no more Sylvia Plath at bedtime for Robbie, OK?
I didn't know Stacy was pro second amendment did you?
Don't worry. He's riding shotgun.
It's his way of 'flipping the bird.' He calls it the gun barrel boogie.
Tell me, Joe, what's the bet again?
Why would you use role reversal to explain the facts of life to Junior?
He distinctly said "two in the bush."
His dream has always been to be a bird of prey.
Boy, the NRA know how to drive memberships!
Bernie told him guns are safer in rural America.
What is it about Bernie Sanders?
He's had chutzpah since he was an egg
Looks like Henry’s therapist told him to face his fears again.
Honey, go get our whole family and all other birds. we will attack him and rescue our child.
Okay, now poop on it or the bet is off!
He's always been a strong 2nd Amendment supporter.
He couldn't afford a gun dog.
He's Chinese, so he's reenacting Tiananmen square.
He's good looking, but kind of a dodo.
Man, the set of stones in that guy!!
What a brown beak.
And I thought I was a lucky bird when I found the first worm of the day!
I told you the dodo wasn't extinct.
You don't often see the Quisling Bird out at this time of day.
These memes have gone too far
Well, there's one we won't have to worry about.
He told us he could find as easy ride to grandma's tree.
There's always one that just has to touch fire....
If you can't take the heat, stay out of the sandbox.
Here's why Occupy Sandbox failed. No movement.
"He'll do anything for attention".
He never misses with his bird's-eye view.
I didn't know Bill was a French hen
She used to live on the hippo he shot.
Looks like a case of bad grubs.
Clueless.
I dared him. I didn't think he'd really do it.
Yeah, and she's got a thing for high voltage power lines, too.
Another blind hunter again, I see.
That cousin of yours is either very fearless or very stupid...
I didn't realize that 'riding shotgun' was an actual thing.
Brave, yes. But incredibly stupid.
Millenial.
What a traitor.
Sally's such a show off.
It's a wonder they even evolved.
Yep, I taught him how to ride shotgun all right.
He’s watching his back with his tweets.
Well, I wasn't raised that way, but if it works for them, God bless.
Cuckoo or Stool pigeon?
Not all them gun tote'n rednecks are killers.
Mark is always looking for the latest adrenaline rush.
It likes guns, so it must be a Bernie Bird.
Remember to keep your friends close but your enemies closer.
These scarecrows are getting more and more realistic
I'll take two in the bush, thank you very much.
I just don't have the heart to tell him he's a bird.
Because he loves nature.
that slut would ride anything attached to a man
Play "chicken" too many times, and you'll eventually find yourself over a barrel.
He's a trophy bird, till he poops in the barrel.
We're not safe until it is in his hand.
First it was those weird pink berries, then low-altitude-sunroof-pooping, now this.
He's a Bernie Sanders' groupie.
This isn't going to end well.
Poor, nearsighted thing.
How did we raise such a suck-up?
Gary was always a plucky lark.
As the saying goes, "Ignorance is bliss."
I agree, Steve definitely needs glasses.
I knew it...he sold us out...
Check it out ... Elmer Fudd's about to get fudged.
Welcome to Obama's America.
They say opportunity is where you least expect it.
He's either a decoy or he's stupid.
It really makes you rethink the natural order of things, doesn't it?
Well, I guess we can't call him a chicken anymore.
She'll never live to tell the quail.
Charlie takes the old guy for a walk every day.
He's a closet birder.
Fred insists that his First Amendment rights trumps any Second Amendment claim.
Sure, he's endangered, but he's also a jerk.
It was a triple dog dare.
If you think about it, that's really the safest place to be.
Something about that tree looks a little off.
He's the NRA's newest memebr.
He really has her over the barrel now.
He scared Donald Trump at Rally. He thinks he's invincible now.
You know, the extreme sports movement is getting out of hand.
He makes a pretty good mole, for a bird.
I can't believe our son turned on us like that
The best offense is a good defense.
Seems like he's everywhere now after that Bernie Sanders podium thing.
He's paying it forward.
I'll bet he's singing like a canary.
I hope we chose the right summer camp.
That Sanders rally sure made him cocky.
I guess he's a brown-tufted Quisling.
Looks like he's been taking birdseed from the gun lobby again.
Marco." "Polo!
He's a hunter from Portlandia.
Don't you just love deer season.
We're harder to shoot once you get to know us.
He's more albatross than quail; we're all doomed.
Which one of us should tell him that's not a branch?
It's better than his hand or the bush.
We dated once, but she's more into the dangerous type.
She's cute, Bob. You should just go over and talk to her. What's the worst that could happen?
Our son is clearly under the misconception that hiding in plain sight is the safer way to go.
His tweets have an international following.
I guess, if you can't beat them, join them.
Lucky Duck would be an understatement.
Here we are as pheasants held down by the man and yet he, a partridge, sits with him nearly equal. Just ain't right.
His next stunt will be to poop on the guy's hats.
Well that's a mocking bird for ya.
He's fooling no one with that hat!
Two in the bush is worth one in the NRA.
So naïve, must be a Republican.
They met on the Internet.
That Benedict Arnold , he cant fly straight to save his life.
Which one's the decoy?
He always was a problem child.
It's weird to see Saint Francis pandering for the rural vote
Where did we go wrong, Dear?
Bird's eye view- it's the latest in the sharing economy.
She's taking a little too much advantage of her endangered species status, don't you think?
Careful...it might be a decoy.
Now that's what I call chutzpah!
I just can't get it through my bird brain that he's smarter than we are.
got to be a decoy.
Well, he had been unemployed for a long time
Once he finds bird crap on his rifle, he'll be so angry he won't be able to shoot straight.
Idiot thinks it's a tree branch.
I bet now he thinks he's better than us.
The heart wants what the heart wants.
so that's the little birdie who told him
Do you think that's crazy or for the birds?
One campaign podium and now they're all brazen fools.
He calls himself: Jack Sparrow.
He's a big supporter of gun control.
Shhh, don't fall for it. It's Wayne LaPierre trying to pull off the old Charles Schulz and Woodstock impersonation again.
Steve seems to have come down with a serious case of lemanthrophy
sid is going to ruin everything sitting on the decoy like that
Is that bird shot?
Don't be fooled. It's a Pileated Gunsight.
God Bless the Cardinals. This gives new meaning to taking one for the team.
I said the gun was loaded with bird shot not bird seed.
After the bird dog, I suppose the dog bird was inevitable.
I still win unless he craps on his head.
Perched right on the gun barrel. What a bird brain!
It's time we had 'The Talk' with junior.
This is why 'birdbrain' gets a bad rap.
You think canary would rat us out?
They met on Twitter
Witness our son's coming of age
Fred is either mounting a protest, creating an ironic image, or just taking a rest.
Tweedle Dumb is such a risk taker,
No worries, no one shoots mocking birds
That's Flip, the bird
He will tweet once if by forest and twice if by meadow.
Is a bird on the gun worth two in the bush?
He's been tweeting about this all day.
Best pointer I've ever seen-if you're hunting worms.
He's more of a bargain hunter but it's the off season.
Don't you think Junior has taken "riding shotgun" to an extreme.
You follow her tweets? They save she has been a life saver.
I wonder if Dan was the best quail to choose as our lookout?
I hope he has hamburger in the freezer
He feels strongly about her Second Amendment rights.
I've never been much of a daredevil.
A new low in decoys, I'd say.
Should we be concerned or entertained that he's giving us the bird?
That neighbor kid always pushes the limits.
I guess it's better than a hunting dog, but still...
I esteem myself more highly than that one on a gun.
He's compensating for a small beak.
Yes, but it's that self-destructive personality that makes his songs so memorable.
Now that's a safe perch.
Well, I'll be darned. Hiding in plain sight works!
Progressive birds look on as one of their own lands on the rifle Bernie Sanders is hunting members of the Establishment with.
Is that Chipper riding shotgun?
aa
I can't believe that Bernie is pandering to the gun lobby!
Now that's an interesting decoy.
I think Tweety should rethink his view on the Second Amendment!
Maybe Dick Cheney is hunting today.
Penny for your thoughts.
Let's hope a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush
Past is prologue
Admit it, Honey--we lack parenting skills.
I've got $20 on Fred.
No one that I know considers Mr. WInslow a threat
One of them is going to learn the hard way.
I told you he's got some huevos.
I worry so when Jr. plays chicken.
That Rooster kid is so cocky.
Peter also saw him at a Trump rally.
I'm thinkin' that's a deft decoy, or this here Ol' Rube McDonald's elevator doesn't get all the way up to the penthouse.
I can't wait to hear his tweets on this adventure.
I can't argue with the logic - it just doesn't feel like the safest spot.
From what I'm hearing, the old man's a superdelegate.
We have a stool pigeon on our hands.
Let's tweet this.
I KNEW Bernie Sanders wasn't really a hunter!
Ever since he got his black wings degree, he's been fearless.
He always wanted a mobile home.
She calls herself Bird of Steel.
I don't care if it is 'Be Kind to Animals Week'. Something tells me not to trust him.
Have you actually ever heard a stool pigeon sing? It's really quite beautiful.
I'd rather be two birds in a bush.
I believe that's what they call cavorting with the enemy.
Imagine--a bird turned into a stool pigeon!
Like they say, "A bird on the barrel is worth two on a branch.'
Hunters: they love you at sparrow size, but put on a few pounds and suddenly you're a piece of meat
Classic first amendment scenario. The right to be borne on arms.
Yeah, right, now I'll vote for him.
$5 says standing ducks aren't any safer.
Well two birds in the.bush TRUMPS that.
I think it was a mistake to take "camouflage" out of the elementary school curriculum.
Audubon...NRA...tomato...tomahto.
They met while tweeting.
Whew - he's not a strict constructionist.
Well, now I can add the quisling to my life list.
No, it's true. As long as you're sitting there, he can't shoot you.
I told you not to make a nest out of that amendment.
I hear he's peeping with the enemy
One day his sleep flying is really going to get him in trouble...
He's always been a real straight shooter.
Peaches has diarrhea.
Don't just perch there. Poop.
At least he didn't get into marijuana.
Looks like lazy Larry's hitching a ride to the GOP convention.
I think we don't have to worry much with this one! Check out that hat!!!
It's called "Narcisistic Personality Disorder". There's really nothing we could have done.
I'm just saying I expected him to be a blue bird.
Well, Henry guess our necks are saved today, that's one way to use a tweeter.
In a strange way doesn't it remind you of Woodstock?
Gimme a break. He knows the guy's a deer hunter.
He'd be a lot safer if he learned how to fly..
I don't care how sympatico they are, he just doesn't seem right for her.
These birds ain't loyal.
Stool pigeon
If he comes home with any more pets . . .
I'm really OK with being "the two in the bush".
Now I see why her tweets are less than 140 characters.
Even if he ends up 'in the hand,' no way is he worth more than you and me.
Look...two cocks!
Who knew birds had balls?
watch out! If he sees you, he'll go at you, because your dick is bigger than his.
This is what I call free entertainment!!
OK, George got the gun; you get the shells and I'll take the hat.
OK. When Billy gets the gun, you grab the old geezer’s wallet.
I give it six months
Elliot said he might go off his meds... but I didn't think he was serious.
Talk about flying under the radar.
When I said he needed a new wingman, I didn't have this in mind
He'll be fine. Most people think he's too gamey.
Shush, that's the new bird-drone decoy.
Looks like he joined the Other Side.
It's always the last place you think to look.
I wouldn't follow her tweets either.
It looks like a starling, but it might also be a quisling.
No pay but he gets room & board.
Was that the signal, or was that just regular whistling?
He's nuts!" "I guess he really is qualified to run for POTUS.
He grouses a lot and tweets more than Donald Trump!
Pre-school, prep school, college, and for what?
PSYCHO BIRD POOPS ON HUNTER PRANK!!!! - 1 month ago • 10,000,000 views PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL
I have no clue why Doug insists on riding shotgun.
It's actually ingenious if you think about it
I think our net worth has just been greatly diminished.
Well I'll be, Sam did find a place to rest where he won't be shot.
Sure, that’s gutsy. But I never called him "chicken." I just said he looks like a chicken.
How do we feel about the death penalty?
It's called "riding shotgun" and it's a lot safer than it looks.
Don't trust her, she's just his lookout.
It's not even loaded, just an excuse to get out of the house.
I wonder if passenger pigeons have considered riding in cars, or even taking the train?
I really admired his work in the Woodstock poster.
I like the symbolism, but I would've pooped on that hat.
You gotta give her credit – it’s the safest place to be.
nope that decoy just ain't working
You can tell by his hat that he's not from Brooklyn.
He self-identifies as a bloodhound.
Animal extreme sports
Not too sure--it's either a Mockingbird or Twitter Follower
If that had been Cheney instead of Sanders, that would wipe than stupid smile off his beak.
No sweat. He's blinder that a bat!
Wow, talk about keeping your friends close and your enemies closer!
What a hunting fowl.
No one screws you like your own.
I sense neither one lives in the present.
So, that's how Peeps are made...
Go flock yourself, I wana see how this plays out.
Neither one of them knows whether he's coming or going.
Thinking inside the box is so underrated.
This certainly does not speak well for either species.
I hope he's not a stool pigeon.
I like his tweets.
When did you first suspect that Tweety was a stool pigeon?
He never could remember that it's spelled Quayle.
I'm sure it'll blow up in my face, but I'm gonna ask her out
I'm so over it -- birds don't really make everything cuter.
I'm definitely taking "TRUTH" next time.
They call it a "poop site".
So this is what all those tweets are referring too.
Tweetie is his scout. They're hunting for worms.
Looks like clickbait to me...
He tweets after every shot.
Worst. Lookout. Ever.
He's always calling...'Shotgun!!!!'
He tweets for the NRA
Boy, that decoy sure looks like cousin Ricky.
No, no, if he was in his hand he'd be worth as much as us.
Is that Jeremy whistling Dixie?
we showed the world how smart we are ."didnt we???
She thinks she's the decoy's girl friend.
Sparrows are the worst
He's got that new bird's eye view for a scope
What do you think Mabel, Darwin award winner or mate?
Talk about cocky...
It's cheaper than Uber.
She volunteered to be the neighborhood's early warning system.
What a lark!
Now there is a real moron
'Bird-brain' doesn't begin to cover it.
She looks single -- care to be my wingman?
Josh needs to check his nongame privilege.
I still say dam that 2nd amendment.
Next comes the tweets wondering why she's attracted to the wrong type of men.
Touch the butt!
She take Emily Dickinson way too seriously.
That is YOUR child.
It's a decoy, I can tell by the whistle!
What's a cute little chick like her doing with a jerk like him?
You know what they say: One on the gun is worth two of us.
Our little one is a real humanbrain
He just wants to make sure there're no dogs in sight.
I can assure you Stella, no good is going to come from this!
When she was tweeting "I got you babe" it was harmless enough, but "If I could turn back time" will be the end of her.
He always did have a complex about dogs.
THEY SAY ONE IN THE HAND IS BETTER THAN TWO IN THE BUSH GARY, LETS STAY IN THE BUSH.
Do you think she's gathered enough intel on the hunters' whereabouts?
Guys, I think it's a bird feeder!
We should also get floor heating
Bye-bye birdie.
That's one ballsy Rifleman, eh?
I wonder if a bird on a barrel is worth two in the bush?
They're both bird brains
He's got chutzpah I'll give him that.
You have to admire his pluck.
I'm not sure that's how trigger warnings are supposed to work, but I do feel safer.
That bird is on Bernie's payroll.
I bet him five worms he wouldn't do that.
She's being paid as a decoy, but we all know it's a ploy to go viral.
Too lazy to fly, always riding shotgun.
I don't think all is Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah satisfactual...
I don't know about you, but I still miss Johnny Carson.
Looks like he joined NRA!
Bob's kind of an Uncle Big Bird.
If we tweet about this, does he look smarter than us?
Trying too hard to fit in, don't you think?
Good thing he doesn't have one stone.
Egret or regret, amiright?
We're two birds only a stone's throw away.
Oooooooh, why didn't I think of that?
Others would soon gather to witness Kevin's annual act of defiance.
See, it's a cardinal sin.
We should tweet him
That Bernie bird has gone crackers on being friendly to people.
Well, not exactly a barrel of laughs.
He was triple-dog dared, so yeah...
Did you hear? Blue hired that hunter for a song!
Now there's a nimrod!
Hold your horses, I saw her first.
She was anti NRA until he told her it meant No Robins Allowed.
Interesting choice for Rumspringa.
Ever since the mine closed he was out of work.
He'll realize it's not a branch eventually . . . right honey?
That yellow-bellied sapsucker!
A finch perched on the barrel of my twelve gauge is worth two doves in the Dogwoods.
She's at less risk there than we are here. Talk about counterintuitive!
Please don't repeat this... Bird Brain, Bird Brain, Bird Brain!
And they said it wouldn't last.
Somebody needs a hunting lesson.
On the count of three, turn, draw and shoot. One... Two...
That's one game bird.
I told him to avoid those discount laser surgery outfits.
So which one is the birdbrain?
Wow. Ted was not lying when he said the hunter's eyesight was bad...
He's got him over a barrel.
Now do you believe me when I told Burt was pretty clueless?
I told you Cheney wasn't aiming for us.
It won't make a difference. He doesn't have the votes.
Well, SO FAR he's kept his supporter under control
That's ten paces each. This duel looks like a draw.
Should we tell Steve that he landed on the wrong branch?
I think we pushed Jr. out of the nest too early.
Junior has a bird brain.
Guess he couldn't afford a bird dog.
I see this friendship ending badly.
So, should we be, like, live tweeting this before he bites the bullet?
It's an open carrier.
It's a good thing we're not an endangered species.
He's always showing off.
Oh, to be young and stupid again.
Sometimes I wish I was a mocking bird.
For an extra twenty bucks he said he'd unload on our buddy's head
He's using the hide in plain sight strategy.
I've told him 100 times it's safer to poop on human statues but he prefers the real thing.
I would like to believe that's fake.
.....I heard he even perched on a podium at a political rally once.
I don't think he can just wing it this time
Dude he just doesn't give a tweet.
You have got to admire his fearlessness, he just doesn't give a tweet.
They're both Mockingjay fans.
Now, there's an accident ready to happen; he's one of those who took the short course on birding.
She said, "Hi-ho, the derry-o. I'll take a shot to land that farmer in the dell."
Shotgun wedding?
He's getting a little cocky ever since that Bernie incident.
It's time we face facts. Our son is an adrenalin junkie.
She says he makes her feel safe.
That bird's desire to branch out may ultimately backfire on him.
They've teamed up to hunt and peck.
She's always attracted to the wrong guy.
She's always living on the edge
I don't really know, Maude, but that family has always lived on the edge.
She needed something to Tweet about.
The left liberal media's really gotten to 'em. Looks like a convenience rather than a hazard to me.
This is why we have inherit the expression "bird brain"
That's what we get for homeschooling.
Live by the gun, die by the gun.
Sarcasm is the lowest form of humor
Since coming out his nest egg has grown 200%
He wields obliviousness like a saber.
Now remember, he has to stay there for five steps or I win the bet.
He's trying to win a Darwin award.
The game’s out there, and it’s play or get played.
As if we didn't know.
Bob's nearsighted. Luckily, so's Edwin.
That bird is coo coo!
Not a friend in need
Goddamn hotshot.
I didn't think he'd take "know thine enemy" literally.
Wow! A Nonetoo Swift. You understandably don't see many of those.
Yeah, he likes to show off a lot, but is he a good provider?
She should've swiped left.
My money is on Aaron Burr(d)
I always figured he was a right-winger.
Her mother was the same way. Anything for attention.
Someone really should explain to Larry what "riding shotgun" means.
Let's not get too optimistic.
He seemed oblivious. Surely a bird on the gun was worth two on a branch.
Can't wait to tweet about this ... little Petey riding shotgun!
I love it when that baby mockingbird does the baby deer sound.
Let's remain "Two In The Bush".
Hopefully this rebellious phase ends soon.
Statistics be damned, personally I wouldn't perch there.
Former photographer. Don't be fooled when asked to watch the birdy.
You can't tweet something like that.
That how they got the indians, using one of our own.
Fred is going to get in trouble trying to hook up with that decoy." " Yea. Let's stay and watch.
Bravery might be a virtue, but far-sightedness is bliss.
That's a site !
The fun part is when the guy finally sees him and Mort doesn’t let go.
So much for that "birds of a feather" stuff.
Great view, sure, but it's a dangerous place to raise a family.
You know, I think it's time to cut our losses with that one.
Another butt kisser.
Nobody ain't got time for that.
The traitor's working for him as a spotter.
It's their audacity that puts them on the endangered species list.
I always knew he was a turn feather.
They both forgot their glasses.
So what do you think Ralph? "He looks a little goofy." "Shall we give him a thrill?
Such Bravery.
Not another chick magnet.
Tweetlee Dee Tweetlee Dum
That is either the bravest bird or the dumbest decoy I've ever seen.
I told you we shouldn't trust a bird named Stone.
This is why we're endangered.
I think he's tweeting.
Think I've got a shot with that bird?
She's been all that ever since the Bernie Sanders speech.
Hindsight is tweety-tweety.
Such a sellout!
I always knew Frank was a real Benechick Arnold.
It's a living.
Chirp, chirp, it might boom!
Well, that gun has basically become an extension of his hand.
Let's see how many of us they say HE'S worth.
When I was young, we sat on phone lines and waited for a freshly washed car.
What a sight.
That's reckless." "Why? It's not like he's going to get shot.
Petey always had a death wish.
Call me a loon, but I'll sure be glad when dog season is over.
He ain't fallin for no banana in the tail pipe!
Now there's a shotgun with a bird's-eye view.
It's ok if we keep the eye on the birdie as long as the birdie doesn't keep his eyes on us.
Just give it a minute. She landed on a bang bang stick.
He's flown over to the dark side.
His birth nest is at NRA headquarters.
You're right, they're both clueless.
Your delusion is encroaching on our recess.
The hunt is rifling my feathers.
That's the last place he'll look
There goes that snitch
A bird on the barrel is safer than two in the bush.
He’s weak at camouflage but surprisingly strong on the Second Amendment.
Wait for it... wait for it... this is my favorite part.
I don't see why some people call them unsafe.
He is blinded by the camouflage.
He thinks riding shotgun is safer.
Sometimes the things you're looking for are right next to you.
The skinny ones have it so easy.
These city birds understand nothing about gun control.
Yeah, I guess it could be Storkholm's, but she looks more like a duck, no?
You gotta wake up pretty early in the morning...
Must be going for the Darwin Award.
Too bad, it's tails; he lost.
If you ask me, I think a bird joining the NRA is just fundamentally wrong on so many levels...
This gives a whole new meaning to gun control.
Anything for attention___last week it was the podium.
His chirp is our alert.
Maybe we should rethink our position on the NRA
He's refusing to respond; he must be drawing a blank!
Let's hope he can fly in the face of danger.
If you think about it, he really is in the safest spot.
You don't think he'll jump the gun in his first flying lesson, right?
I heard that the perks are great and you don't even need accident insurance.
My goodness, that young fella is a dead duck.
That guy better watch out, I saw Dick Cheney here earlier.
Trust Ted to land on the safest place in the forest.
dudes check it out it's like the gun's my dick
Tweetie pulled a thorn out of his foot once.
Kids! In my day we'd stand on his cap peak and whistle dixie
I tried to tell him but he insisted he knew the meaning of shotgun.
He's had this Wild West fantasy to ride shotgun.
Are you going to tweet him or shall I?
I wonder which bathroom he is going to use.
Who'd a thought the NRA would invent a moveable toilet?
The kid did it, he is in the gang.
That crazy kid's riding shotgun again.
Brown beaker
The OkCupid algorithm is getting weirder.
That's it. Next season we're writing Junior out of The Partridge Family.
Now That's A Real Cuckoo Bird.
He ain't worth us!
Look Chirpy's been flying without his glasses again.
Boom Chica Boom.
'He got the idea from Bugs Bunny."
If you can't beat them, tell they you're their pet.
When I told him to grow a pair of wings, I didn't expect this.
He's a stool pigeon for the gun lobby.
Junior is definitely a genius.
Stay calm!  He's a tree hugger.
He traded his life for a position as rear guard.
That's feeding the hand that bites you!
Where could I find a guy to carry me around on my rifle?
it's a bird bird.
Probably should have told him I'm his mother...
That bird needs to bite the bird seed, not bite the bullet.
Tweety's skitching again
Now THAT is one dirty bird!
I think he got it wrong.....it's a bird in the hand is worth 2 in the bush
I wonder when he is going to call Betsy's bluff....
What's the old saying? A bird on the gun is worth two in the bush.
I can't believe he went to work for that guy.
He's worth two of us.
It's Elmer J. Fudd and Tweety Bird. They're on the security detail at the Loony Tunes Senior Center.
How does he ever sleep at night.
He fell out of the nest.
Cheryl gets a lot of mileage from looking the other way on the threat of immigrant terrorism.
pack up all my cares and woe, here i go
Not the perch I would choose.
I know why the twelve gauge bird sings
Look at that sexy.
That's why he failed camouflage.
Now, who's here a bird brain?!
It's a birdbird -- much more convenient than a birddog.
She's always been a little too left wing for my taste."
He called it first, so he gets to ride shotgun.
We were all rebels at his age
A bird on the barrel is worth how many in the bush?
He's smart in a "keep you friends close and your enemies closer" kind of way.
Oh dear, Jimmy's Stockholm Syndrome is back...
You have to hand it to clay, he's always up for a challenge.
Quite a sight!
Tell headquarters, I think we're safe!
I'm definitely cancelling my Twitter account today.
By the looks of things his aversion therapy is going very well.
I think it's called hubris.
Relax, it's just Dick Cheney.
I think he has a death wish.
I don't know who to hate more... That's whom.
Dumbest tweet. Ever.
It's a decoy, fool!!
...two Turtle Doves And a partridge on a Benelli
Let's face it. Junior just isn't that bright.
He turned to me and said, "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer," and then just took off!
It's a decoy.
I'm just grateful we have birds like him on the front line.
I think his plan is to build a nest out of the mustache.
Frank's seen "The Godfather" one too many times.
It's like my grandpappy used to say....."a bird on the rifle is worth two on the branch!"
Weight Watchers. She'said bear noticable.
That size queen won't ride anything less than a 12-gauge.
Looks like Coco's Lasik surgery was a flop.
George! George! George?...... It's times like this were I wonder why he calls us his friends." "HEY! THIS GUY WANTS ME TO JOIN HIM FOR DINNER!
I wish they could solve their problems without resorting to a duel every time.
What's that long, skinny thing he's perched on?
He does know that Donald Duck fans and Donald Trump fans aren't the same, right
Where did we go wrong? our youngest has joined the NRA.
You should see what it looks like what it looks like when he goes hunting for hippos.
Maybe he's hunting wabbits.
He's been tweeting about it all morning.
We've been quite safe since the Republicans went Trump.
Relax! Wire the two in the bush.
She's restricted to public transportation until she's cleared by her doctor.
You know what they say about the adolescent brain.
Don't fret, he's not one to squawk.
I wish I was ridin' shotgun; this is for the birds.
Everyone thinks he's crazy, but honestly it's the safest place to be.
He has neither flight nor fight.
She claims it's platonic.
Then it's true. Our own son has been radicalized!
Duck, it's a stool pigeon.
I admit it, I have perch envy
From here I can't tell if it's a real McCoy or a decoy!
Technically, she's not in his hand, exactly.
I hear he's a retired guard from the prison holding El Chapo.
Always showing off...
He sold us out for some grains and seeds.
I know why the staged bird sings.
What a cuckoo!
You can shoot now, Harvey, they aren't suspecting it.
Playing it safe.
I'm just saying, climate change has reduced the number of perches
I can't believe you tricked him into thinking that's a pear tree.
My money's on the bullet.
There! THAT’s what you call chutzpah.
Be more specific, they're both peckers.
Collaborator!
Tell Henry to tweet us when he points his gun.
Now that my friend is a real Constitutionalist!
I heard he turned, and become a scout.
He's safe. There is no app yet.
That decoy looks like Frank.
I always now were the action is now that I've subscribed to her live-tweet feed...
Huh. Charlie's not chicken, is he?
Let's call them Hillary and Donald
Wait? I thought a bird in the hand was worth two in the bush?" "Yea, but the guy walking his dog over there is a blind as a bat
Her parents think she is some kind of genius.
We forgot one lesson.
Is that Tom?
He's either retarded, has a learning disability, or a Democrat."
I think we need to have a talk with him. I don't like this new friend he's hanging out with.
I can only assume that Tabby riding has lost its thrill
He sure looks idiomatic!
Guns don't kill birds; birds kill birds!
Don't worry about Tweety. The gun's over the left shoulder. It means he's a nice fellow and wouldn't hurt a feather.
Reminds me of seeing a dog holding a biscuit on his nose
Well yes dear he does look the part but entre nous I remain unpersuaded that strictly speaking he could properly be described as 'well regulated'
Now ten paces each.
Never imagined he'd be on the No Fly List.
I still can't believe our kid joined the N.R.A!
Hey Tweet, we're over here!
Well, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em!
I think he's right, it's safer than flying.
Looks like junior heard us talking about how much we enjoy barrel tasting!
He supports the NRA and PETA.
Now that's a Cuckoo bird.
Kids are always looking for a rush these days.
'Really hope her puberty is not getting any worse than this'
Isn’t a gun supposed to give you the body, not the bird?
I wonder what's on his playlist.
Duck! He's with IRA!
I mean I knew he was depressed, but geez!
They've been playing hard to get with each other all season.
The males aren't the pretty ones
Are you sure you taught him everything you know?
A disagreement on stock direction?
How many birds in the bush are worth one on the gun?
I'd say they're both endangered species.
I heard she's trying to get an exclusive to Tweet." "Hmmmm... . I'm too chicken to try something like that." "Yeah, I hope she doesn't end up a dead duck!
We're safe as long as we're two in a bush.
Now, that's what I call a Mocking Bird!
Great decoy - looks just like Hal
He was never good at shooting the bird.
He's moonlighting as a scope.
He was triple-dog-dared.
''Well a bird in hand ...is worth us."marshek3
I hear he's loaded.
Have gun will travel.
He's like a ninja!
Is That's Trump's Spirit Animal?
It's the perfect definition of 'birdbrain'
There's double-dog dare, and then there's being a bird brain.
Well, there are "bird dogs" so I guess he's a "dog bird."
Lemme know when you spot the two that bullied you.
Sparrows are such opportunists
Immunity for testifying against the bloodhound.
You go on ahead. There should be a double barrel coming along any minute.
Cuckold!
He's getting the barrel's eye view for a change.
Looks like Cindy has broken the glass ceiling at retriever school!
Actually they're both assholes.
Sometimes the safest place to hide is right in front of your enemy.
Isn't that Tweety the Mockingjay?
Well, you shouldn't have told him he can ride shotgun.
It's been like this ever since he went to that Bernie Sanders rally.
I hope he gives bad advice to the shooter.
Where did we go wrong Sidney?
Is she cuckoo?
i am not sure which one is more clueless, either way they look relaxed and are enjoying the day.
Worth more than two in the bush, I'd say.
She's waiting for him to reply to her tweet
I'm starting to think he's not college material.
Wow, the gun lobby sure has him over a barrel.
Look at him. Beak in the air. He thinks he is worth both of us put together.
He keeps tweeting about the second amendment..
It looks unsafe until you take into account the fact that he has no depth perception whatsoever.
Reminds me of a cuckoo clock!
Must be a Millennial bird....
...No , it's still too close for comfort .
Our son is tweeting about gun control.
That last tweet must have did him in.
Let's stay in the bush.
It's true! Tweety is pro-gun after all!
"Did you define "limb"?
That bird is in the safest place he could be.
He must have tweeted our location.
No - he was a pompous jerk way before he joined the NRA.
No, we don't always have to flock together.
the mole is a bird.
Personally, I prefer not to ride shotgun if I can help it!
He likes to live on the edge.
Those two cannot agree on anything
Maybe he'll distract him long enough for us to get away.
I think that's the Beretta Silver Pigeon.
No worries. She's one of ours, and she's already tweeted the coordinates to the drone.
He doesn't think he needs eye glasses.
And so all of a sudden he's begun acting like some big shot...
Looks like somebody's found a free ride to the next Bernie Sanders rally.
He's watching out to make sure he doesn't kill two birds with one shot!
Dang it it Wilbur done hitched a ride.
He's obviously not NRA.
That hunter has enlisted the help of a hunting bird, so much better than a hunting dog.
All he's really saying is give peace a chance.
He really thinks that little guy is worth the two of us?
Riding shotgun can be dangerous.
He only chirps when the guy backs up.
You should have breastfed that boy.
You've heard of Pilot Fish, right?
I hope he knows what happens to stool pigeons.
What a stool pigeon.
He came in last in his fantasy league.
he is should tweet that selfie
She'll do almost anything to get someone to listen.
He's anti-establishment.
Be patient. We attack on his signal.
Ah, kids these days, huh?
Evel Kneivel has nothing on him.
I follow her on Twitter, but I don't like her on Facebook.
He's been like that ever since his wife flew south without him.
She caucused for Bernie.
Brave? You bet... at night he works a second job in the coal mine!
I hate it when he pulls that Francis of Assisi crap.
Wait, it's almost over! The Ode to Joy begins with a dissonant chord.
Can there be any doubt Don Tweety rules this roost? He even wets his beak in the hunters' racket.
Nope, decoy.
Oh-oh. Bye-Bye Birdie!
Ugh. That's so cliche.
Tonight we deal with the turncoat.
It's called a peep sight.
Tweet, tweet, #dumbassbird
I don't think he understands how to use a decoy.
I fear he's a sitting duck.
The new NRA publicists are on to something.
OMG, have you been following his latest tweets?
Have your friends close but your enemies even closer
Nobody tweets him right.
Youngsters today...always pushing the boundaries!
It must be great to be endangered.
Now there's a Dodo for you.
I would just like to have a little of his hauteur.
DO YOU THINK HE TWEETED
The Millennium Pigeon. Classic.
Last week he started meditating. This week he is the reincarnation of Charlton Heston.
Squad goals.
If he gets that in his hand, we're safe.
One more bushel if you poop on his head!
A quisling if there ever was one.
Looks to me like he is just exercising his right to bird arms...
And to think he used to terrorize the neighborhood!
Well I certainly didn't raise her that way.
It's so sad. Twitter refused to give her a severance package when they laid her off last week.
That hat doesn't fool me.
I don't think either knows.
He's either very smart or very stupid.
It's still better than two in the bush. I think we're safe.
I said to hide in plain sight, not on a gun sight.
He says it's a better adrenaline rush than high-voltage power lines.
Rotten stool pigeon.
She always rides shotgun.
Must be Wabbit season.
Thank goodness for the bluebird of safety.
It's a bird bird, Wanda.
Penny is the national poster bird for gun safety.
Think he's going to tweet?
He does that to everybody Dick Cheney takes hunting.
Pretty sure the cartoonist wants us to ridicule the NRA. I just can't figure out how.
Looks like _somebody's_ feathers haven't been fluffed in a while.
I am definitely going to tweet about this.
He tweeted me that he was going to try this today.
Ignorance is bliss, so let's keep quiet.
I'm torn between proud and terrified right now.
Who's mocking who?
UBER's background checks worry me.
She's cute, but I don't like the position she's taken.
"Yikes' To bad cousin Larry is a proponent of the gun law.
47, 48, 49...New Record!
That seems a little more dangerous than just being a bird on a wire.
First Bernie's podium, now some NRA guy...What does your nephew have against Hillary?
Dueling canards.
Completly oblivious.
That way, when he tweets, he can see who his followers are.
He's keeping his enemies closer.
Dude, he is so grounded.
That's our boy. He's got some of your mother's cuckoo in him.
It's a good job, but he has to migrate with the butterflies.
Awww, she always calls shotgun!
He thought the saying was 'the friend of my enemy'.
Gentrification must have hit Ralph hard.
I regret telling him that he's special.
He's been up there since the early bird got his...
And to think, his great grandfather was the model for the Woodstock logo.
I didn't think that even Beekie would take the challenge...I had to use a triple-dog-dare-you.
Don't fall for it, he's just trying to make himself look friendly.
It's nice to see him take a strong stance on gun issues.
We're safe....were the two in the bush.
That's the most optimistic decoy placement I've ever seen.
I guess Frankie IS a big shot now.
Actually it's a new kind of scarecrow.
Now who's the bird brain?
Epic quail.
He’s a mockingbird
I always said he was a "bird brain"
Don't be fooled, stay alert. It's not a dove.
Not to worry...it's just a presidential candidate looking for a photo-op
Well, it's better than that job in the coalmines.
No way he's worth two of us.
That taxidermist isn't fooling anyone!!
Freeloader!
When he says look at the birdie. Don!t.
Another candidate trying to show he is in touch with the common man and Hunters
He always liked to ride shotgun.
He learned that trick by watching Looney Toons.
We may have to re-evalutate this "two-in-the bush" approach.
Keep your eye on the birdie
We've got a guy on the inside.
He did say he liked hot sauce and blue cheese.
You just can't be a birdbrain to come up with that.
She must be one of those peacenik doves.
Ah, the innocence of youth.
Remember Son: "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
Old dude with his sights set on a young chick.
Such an air-head bird brain!
He's going after super delegates.
He's such a self-hating Jay.
I'm hoping one on the gun is worth two in the bush.
I wonder how Bugs and Sylvester are getting along
He's an Angry Bird.
Guess he missed the whole "bird in the hand" memo.
He's a coal miner.
From day one, trees were never good enough for him
How many times I have told Junior that's not a Tree!
No, Jerry! Don't look inside! ITS NOT A BIRD FEEDER!
I thought passenger pigeons were extinct.
It's his part time job being a decoy. He'll do anything to be seen.
We should keep OUR enemies close.
She's a firm believer in gun patrol.
Now that's Chutzpah!
I think guns are for the birds!
apparantly he overheard the farmer telling his wife hes long sighted only
There goes Junior again, getting a free ride instead of flying.
A Hunting We Will Go, A Hunting We Will Go!
You're right. Stockholm Syndrome.
Clearly a textbook example of a symbiotic relationship
If you follow his tweets, you avoid the birdshot.
Relax, it's dumb Hilda. She will play right into his hand and our value will be cut in half in a snap.
Everyone will be tweeting about this.
All we are saying is give peeps a chance
There is the traitor!
Birdbath salts
Blind Bill's newly cleaned gun
Check and see if he tweeted back.
He says he's worth two of us.
It's tough for a coal mine canary to find work today.
Midlife crisis. He just turned three and a half.
He's auditioning for 'Animal Jackass'.
No more flocking together with her.
That sparrow sold out again this hunting season.
I must have missed the memo about the cease fire agreement
Millennials . . . .
Can you believe that! A moustache!
I always knew Bob was a traitor.
Cousin Leroy's love of gun barrels will be the death of him yet!
One day his pranks will backfire on him
It says a "a bird in hand..." NOT "a bird on a rifle ...."
If that's what belongs to the NRA, not to be concerned.
He must be looking for wabbits.
'Two in the bush' is working for me today.
How many times have I told Junior not to hitch-hike!?
That dove is going to ruin our image.
I've tried to warn her about the dangers of hitchhiking but she never listens.
Fred always seems to know the blind spots.
He's auditioning for the National Rifle Association mascot position.
As is said, "Keep your friends close...."
The sparrow is in the nest. Repeat, the sparrow is in the nest.
I'm not sure. I left my binoculars back at the nest.
You keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Look-out
That bird? It's a cuckoo.
That's one helluva decoy!
I dare you to yell "PULL."
Yes, it's all over Twitter.
Ah, light as a canary.
Ralph has turned to the Dark Side!
Watch out, he's trying that old "bird in the hand" decoy again.
I definitely heard him call shotgun
Turncoat!
He said it's his Twitter handle."
He better hide.............someone else may shoot both of them!
I heard he's worth as much as both of us combined.
Damn, I bet him 50 bucks he wouldn't do it.
Bob lives on the edge. He is the one that got Dick Cheney to shoot Harry Whittington in 2006.
He will never be able to outdo his Bernie stunt.
They've declared a truce in honor of Earth day.
What do you think of Woody's strategy of joining the NRA?
It's gonna be a bird bath.
I hear he's got connections.
Just look at Freddie. He's hired a guide to find him a mate. What a creep.
I'd say he's whistling past the graveyard, but it's probably not a good idea to whistle just now.
I believe it's what they call "leaning in".
I wonder if he know's this is the Hitchcock property.
I told you he was spending too much time with "Angry Birds." It turned him!
Bravery could get one of us in the nest...stupidity--not so much.
His great grandfather was a Dodo.
She thinks the season doesn't open till tomorrow.
Sure, it's all fun and games until someone wants blackbird pie.
It's not for nothing that I nicknamed him Birdbrain.
Do YOU want to tell him what "riding shotgun" really means?
Pff, what a bird-brain.
Looks like a variant of Stockholm syndrome.
I've always told him, 'Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.' But this might be taking it a bit too far.
His Twitter feed isn't nearly as interesting as you'd think it would be.
His NRA membership is clearly paying off.
$1900 and the current tenant should be picked clean by the first of the month.
She's doesn't give a shoot.
If I understand the math, he should feel a trickle down his neck soon."
Should we warn him or just tweet about it?
He's the one they call Birdie Sanders.
Darn, I bet him four worms he couldn't get away with that.
Do you think hunters fear inner ear problems, and thus, the flaps?
Wow, she's the Tiananmen Square of our species.
It's called hiding in plain sight.
Don't worry. Today's he 's hunting worms.
Open canary.
Quiet, he's still looking for two in the bush.
The lengths that bird'll go to, just to prove she's worth the same as us!
Those Bugs Bunny cartoons will be the death of him.
There's a fool on both ends of that gun.
She'll tweet twice when he loads it
Behold, the yellow-bellied tern-coat in his natural environment.
The little twit also sings country western songs.
Great likeness of Aunt Birdie.
They're replacing us with younger birds who don't know sh*t from shinola.
That hare-brained son of ours is always pushing the envelope.
I don't think this is how the gunfight works
I always thought Ed was a bird brain.
See I told you he joined the N.R.A.
I can't believe he got the job. He didn't even know how to whistle!
I hear it's loaded with innuendo.
They both need glasses.
He's going to have lot of fun tweeting about this.
He said it was something about keeping your enemies closer.
I told her that an invasive species were eating the worm and she flew off squawking about tea parties and 2nd amendments.
Is 1 on the gun better than 2 in the bush?
I bet he thinks he's worth two of us.
Risk taking! That's your side of the family!
Tell me more about Maslow
He clearly thinks he's better than us two in the bush!
He's treading a very slippery slope.
Is this like the canary in the coal mine?
The youngsters just can't do camouflage.
Lucky Harry, found a guy who loads birdseed.
I guess two in the bush is worth something after all.
Probably stinks at golf ?
Looks like someone really did give him the bird.
Ever since the Trump win, he's been looking for a way out.
That guy again--always walking the fine line on gun control.
Should we tell him where the Bernie rally is?
What a show-off. There's a thin line between guts and goofy.
Apartment hunting season's here already?
I keep hearing chirps, but there's no birds.
I finally get the birdbrain thing.
Pat will do anything to win a bet
I hear tweets better check Twitter.
God, I hate that guy!
Keep watching, he's gonna sit on the guy's hat next!
I guess we owe Doug an apology.
My God, he's whistling Peter and the Wolf.
Obviously, we have our own Benedict Arnold!
He may be riding shotgun, but I'm branch manager.
Our friendship knows no bounds.
That decoy wouldn't fool even the lamest bird brain.
That's the proverbial trickster
He's always looking for an opportunity to exercise his second amendment rights.
Psst. I know what you're thinking....too close to call, but I got 10 bucks that says that the idiot with the caterpillar on his lip will see Tweedle-Dum first.
It's a Winchester 16 gauge over and under but the chick is new around here.
She did say, 'I'm on a freelancing sight.'
I told you we should have tried harder to get into the good preschool.
Lucky for him its not stupid season yet
I told you not to trust that bird.
Just look at that traitor!
Charlie's been like that ever since the Bernie Sanders rally.
We should have been more specific with our "Where to Land" instructions
He'll never think to look there.
A bird on a gun is worth two in the bush?
We're not in the clear until he moves down to his hand.
There's a good example of keeping your enemies closer.
``Quick! You're being hunted!" ``Who by the hunter?" ``NO! By my husband!"
So, what exactly is that one worth?
So---at ten paces the duck does what?
Betty and Arthur discuss the dangers of free-range parenting.
Hes too busy looking whats in front of him, that he never bothers to check what whats past him.
Not in his hand...
That's a cheep shot, if I ever saw one.
I betcha within 10 minutes he has his wallet.
Are we the two in the bush, and he is the bird in the hand or is he just an idiot?
Why must that boy ALWAYS go out on a limb?
He's been insufferable ever since he found out nobody hunts robins.
That decoy is really unbelievable. He isn't going to catch a single human today.
Don't worry, he just likes to open carry.
He has always been a bird of a different feather.
Your brother, Dan, has always had an ironic sense of humor.
If he could see my Instagram feed right this second he'd go berserk.
I think it's a chutzpahtridge.
Ya gotta think that has to be worth at least two of us.
I've felt much safer since LaMar discovered the joys of marijuana.
Just like your Aunt Myrtle -- clueless.
That's the "twerk" that is all the rage nowdays
Sparrows! Always pushing boundaries.
But is it "Ha Ha" funny?
Hard to tell which one is the cuckoo.
He called shotgun.
He's gone over to the dark side.
Will you look at that! I guess there is hope for Congress.
I'm not sure what he's thinking
Want to fly over and see if it's a decoy?
Rockin Robin's gonna' rock tonight.
He says this is the only way to "make the forest great again"
Two birds in the bush is worth on bird on the rifle.
Hidden in the open usually works.
So you think he'll talk?
Logically, I know that it's meant to draw us out, but emotionally, all I want is to flap my wings and create a stir.
He said he got the idea for a traveling home from that guy's RV.
I keep trying to accept his new lifestyle.
Well I guess it's better than being over a barrel.
It's probably safer than where we are right now!
It kills me to say it, but what a birdbrain.
He never liked the 'ol wooden branch. Instead, he prefers the cold metal barrel. Why? We'll never know.
Fenster takes riding shotgun to a new level
I can't wait until we're out of season.
That bird's got some pair of eggs on him.
There may be two of us in this bush, but I am so much more than a metaphor.
Fight or flight is lost on her.
Frank's really over a barrel now.
What's the spot exchange rate for birds-in-bush to birds-with-a-death-wish?
It's nice the way he lets Jimmy ride on his shotgun, but what does that Arthur O'Connell look-alike see in that HAT?
#feelthebern
We should be getting a tweet soon.
Well, he did call riding shotgun.
Brainwashed by the NRA.
Not that they ever ask, but I would have recommended the hawk scope.
Dumbass.
Can you tell which of them is being taken for a ride?
Well, a bird on the handgun is worth two in the bush.
I think "Conceal-Carry" just got a new meaning
What sort of twisted mind brings a songbird on a hunt?
I still don't think it's a scarecrow.
He probably thinks it's a water gun...
They both think it's "wabbit" season.
Oh brother, the 87 year old man is out bird hunting again
He's never been the same since he did that 'Mindfulness' course
He's always going out on a limb.
Easy for him, it's not dove season.
He's gauging the wisdom of flying straight ahead.
I sure hope he doesn't kill two birds with one shot!
In general, a gun in any caption contest is not a good idea.
It's a good thing he doesn't have any stones!
Must be an election year.
Eddie must think that's a barrel of laughs.
I don't care what he's worth Carl, I'm staying here.
Now dare him to take his hat.
That's Louise. She handles his twitter account.
Leopold is quiet on the details of their arrangement.
Shhh! it's Bernie and that bird hunting for delegates.
So, where do you stand on the Second Amendment?
Like that's gonna get us to do a fly by...
Worst. Scarecrow. Ever.
Yep, just like canary in a coal mine: we're safe.
He really needs a sibling to play with.
Sigh...another risky teenage behavior.
This may be his final tweet.
Yup, they all look alike, but in a previous life he rousted cattle in Nevada.
These Millennials are so uninformed.
I'm following the NRA's every tweet.
Junior's new friend worries me.
You think it's camouflage?
He must be related to Bernie Sanders.
He's a senator from Vermont.
Bob's feeling cocky again.
They're actually very compatible, aside from the hunting.
It gives new meaning to "I ride shotgun."
I wonder what the NRA thinks?
Yes, he's a son of a bitch , but he's our son of a bitch.
She's been a totally different bird since meeting Bernie Sanders.
You know, this scene kind of reminds me of that cute meerkat who used a photographer's zoom lens as a lookout post!
I think he's technically still worth two of us.
Not exactly a pear tree, is it?
Oh, to be young and symbiotic.
I’ve told him to stop reading Chairman Mao’s slogans so literally.
Honey, what exactly did you tell Junior about this whole shotgun wedding idea..."
A visionary, with eyes set on the future
I think he's too paralyzed to move.
Let's see who is more surprised.
He thought that gunpowder was bird seed.
His vision is better.
The alternative was Uber...
Bird 1: "There goes another gun-toting Trump supporter finally leaving the woods to attend a rally." Bird 2: "And there goes another tree-hugging Sanders supporter catching a free ride."
A cuckoo, no doubt.
Fred's been a little uppity since he found out that he was worth more than either of us.
I didn't know bobolinks went in for extreme sports.
He says he's a spy, but I say he's a sellout.
Clearly no flocking together with that one!
One on the gun is better than us in the brush.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe we're one myopic hunter short of the classic Whip Poor Will maneuver.
I always told Jim there's no such thing as a free ride.
Should we tweet about this?
Is that worth two in the bush?
He must think we are sitting ducks
That poor bird doesn't know a perch from a birch!
If that's not a sign it's time for an eye exam...
No wonder bird brains get a bad rap.
You know he was voted 'most likely to be in the hand' in high school.
The belly of the beast!
That looks to me like deconstructed birdshot.
I didn't know we had the right to bear arms!
He's a strange bird.
When I suggested you give him the bird, I did not mean Sonny.
Are you sure it's 'just a phase'?
They get radicalised on Twitter these days, you know.
Ugh. Bernie Bros.
Her branch moves.
You just want her to be real.
I've heard ' Keep your enemy close ' was the enemy's idea.
To the left!
Say hello to my little friend.
It looks like Frankie's lasik didn't go well
My boy hasn't outgrown his high-risk behavior.
The Force is strong with this one.
Looks like a Winchester Retweeter
What makes you think they're intelligent?
I have decided to take a different approach.
Bufflehead!
Birds of a feather flock together.
'He switched sides for chicken feed.'
I think we can cancel his college fund.
One of life's little ironies.
Keep your friends close and your executioner closest.
You're right! That's the same strategy that Trump's using...except for the rhetoric.
Dave hasn't been himself since flying into that window.
If we could get him to ditch the weapon, it would be the old bird in the hand, worth two in the bush.
Endangered species are such show offs.
He's always free loading something. That's just the way he is.
A bird on a gun is better than two in a bun.
See Ethel , there's one of 'em pro-gun democrat socialist doves I was warnin' you about...!
Woodstock, honey, you were so much cuter on that guitar back in '69.
I believe they call it 'Stockholm Syndrome'
Is this a trick?
Today's youth ! They think they're immortal.
He always challenged the system.
Not the hunter he once was.
Do you think our son is right-winged?
He's trying to see who has been shooting at us.
Rebel Rebel
Watch, watch, watch, watch, watch. He's about to snap one off right on the barrel.
It warms your heart to see each generation learn to flash a moon.
Looks like another fraternity hazing lawsuit to me.
The irony is killing me.
How's that for dramatic irony?
He's never been afraid to live life on the edge.
You know what they say ," A bird on the barrel is worth two on the branch".
You never know who you'll get when you call for an Uber ride.
Don't go shooting your mouth off
How many do you think he's worth?
The one on the gun is dumber than the two in the bush.
I'm told it's the new PR campaign for the NRA.
From the day he was hatched I knew he would be different.
They met about two years ago and he replaced the gun action with a camera.
Wait, it gets better. He just ate.
His father told him "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
I guess it's rabbit season
He's always been known for his strategic planning.
Xtreme Perching.
He should've chose "truth".
That would be a terrific shot for a selfie.
He really committed to hiding in plain sight.
We could do that too, if we weren’t yellow-bellied.
Two on a branch is better than one about to lose his head.
Well, now he can't grouse about never finding a perch.
Apparently he just finished the first Chapter in Sun Tzu’s book, Keep Your Friends Close and Your Enemies Closer.
Don't worry, a bird on the gun is worth two in the bush.
He's no threat, a little bird told me.
Do you think our son understands the tweets about hunting season we sent him?
It's his first day as lookout
Welp...fish in a barrel, you're officially on notice.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Just because it's different doesn't mean it's wrong.
Shh! The Great Birdini's cannonball act is about to begin.
Our sister is cleaver! She helps the hunter spot game and at the same time she has no more problems with bullies.
"Give us a TWEET when you get there.
It's genius actually.
As the pet of an NRA lobbyist, he kind of has to look the other way sometimes.
It gives him a bird's eye view.
I told you that there was a spy in our midst.
Typical jaywalking behavior.
Legendary last tweet: 'Hey, watch this.'
Suicide attempt no53, I'm sure he can make it this time.
That's not in the hand Chip so we beat you this time
Just think. They call that the thrill of the hunt.
I knew it when he stopped tweeting.
'A bird on the barrel', I guess.
I know the hand, and the bush, but what's the sight worth?
Guess someone is practicing to be a decoy again.
Now I have seen everything, a rifle with a built in decoy.
I can't decide if the dodo is on the left or on the right.
Looks like Bob White is now Peep the sight.
I' guessing the NRA liked his tweets
I told him, "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer."
Why didn't we think of that, pose as decoy.
There's the decoy RPG.
Looks scarier than basejumping.
You think his life insurance is worth twice as much, too?
That still doesn't make you a Cuckoo bird!
Yikes! He definitely should have gone with truth.
I admire Steve for taking a stand on guns.
He's trying the Looney Tunes approach to not getting shot.
To win him over, she tweeted in trump talk.
I've heard ever the farmer has gone vegan" "Oh no, not another one! I rather he just tried to shoot us
I hope the hunter is far sighted...
Relax! He's the cover-boy for the NRA.
Watching that is a perfect example of why we are the ones called 'mourning' doves.
Frank never could turn down a dare.
All Right !!! Rusty's In The Club!
He's more of an 'it's the journey' kind of hunter.
No worries...he thinks he's St. Francis!
He gets his chutzpah from your side of the family.
Bertie loves to ride shotgun.
"Out of sight ...out of mind" that's what I always say...
Pair of two..on a branch to your right..don't look now
You can call me crazy all you want, but this is the one place I CAN'T get shot, so...
Performance artists are the worst.
I've got to 'tweet' this!
I always thought our son was a bit of a strange bird.
Like they say,'Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer'
we need to fly after two tweets and a squawk
Old Herbert isn't much of a shot, but outright mockery is just a step too far.
The only way he'll ever use that gun is to pry it from her cold dead claws
How in the world did he get the best seat in the house?
It's the Stockholm syndrome.
Kind of puts a new meaning to "Watch the birdie!"
you do know that the NRA ha these little stuffed birds they can tie to their rifles just to get our guard down...
As my Dad always said, "A Mate's Never Won on a Registered Gun"
Naively seeking a pear tree, you suppose?
Is that bird on a rifle worth the same as us two in this bush--or not?
The last person she took out hunting was VP Cheney and we know how that turned out.
Don't move!
I'll never understand why we signed that extradition treaty with Ted Nugent.
I guess he shoots with a Bird's eye view.
He grew up in the Galápagos.
Bob's got balls the size of a raven!
I've heard of hiding in plain sight, but never hiding as the sight.
It's the man-bird bonding rage, Avian Glue.
Don't be fooled. Our tiny friend is stuffed.
I don't think he got what we meant by "tweeting out activism."
Do the Newton's know their son has developed an unhealthy fondness for gun Metal.
Oh to be young again.
Rumor has it he shot her partner.
An NRA membership does have its benefits.
Well that's one way to "flip him the bird."
Someone told him he looked like a bold eagle.
Going out with a tweet.
Well, I guess in theory that is the safest place to be.
I never pictured Frank as a stool pigeon.
I thought he was hunting... what a turn-around.
Worst use of a decoy ever.
'Time to push him out of the nest' you said. 'Time to push him out of the nest.'
Oh, she's one of those Society Finches don't you know!
He's getting seed money from the NRA.
Stockholm syndrome strikes again!
I thought he wanted the front seat when he said shotgun
Tell me again, what's the difference between commenselism and amensalism?
It's a cork gun.
I've always admired Irv's verve.
He's not ready to leave the nest
He's no birdbrain! He knows you need to keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
That's our boy, the little son-of-a-gun!
#Zippidy Doo Da
That's gotta be worth at least three.
Come to think of it, that's a pretty safe place to be.
Our little Tweetie always has loved to ride shotgun.
Boys are so difficult to raise.
What a dodo.
Explain to me again why he's worth double?
"Now that, my friend, is proof that ignorance is not always bliss".
as if the dogs weren't bad enough
Do you think he thinks that decoy is going to work?
It must be nice to be on the endangered species list.
He takes "tweeting" to another level.
One's cuckoo and the other's a bird brain
He always wanted to be a hawk.
It all makes sense once you've met his wife.
Birdwatching makes me so nervous these days.
Don't blame the dove, it's the economy. He hasn't had work since Woodstock.
I told him taking the stock option was risky.
How many times are we going to have to go over proper decoy placement technique?
That Wacko-Bird won't quit squawking about the Second Amendment.
I thought this was a gun-free zone.
Geeze, another attempt at gun control!
So sad she changed her colors...
Should I tell him or should you?
Now that's what I call chirps-pah.
And they disparage us as "bird brains."
Stu? He's a yellow-bellied turncoat.
I'm worried about the crowd our son is hanging out with
Well, if it isn't little Bird-edict Arnold.
Jeez. I was only kidding when I said "Three's a crowd".
Where's the hawk when you need him?
I hear that little bird tells him everything.
No wonder he has a captive audience for his tweets
Now that's riding shotgun!
.....and after they felt in love.
A bird on the gun may not be as sharp as the crayons in the bush
I told her if she feeds and takes care of him we can keep him.
He's working to change things from the inside.
Nope, that's a Nark.
I'd tweet him to fly away but I'm over my usage limit.
Stop worrying Sue, Barry's safe. We live in an open-carry state.
Oh, that Abilgail. Always a barrel of laughs.
who's the fool?
Even the NRA's on Twitter now.
Boy....that Todd was never one to be gun shy.
Mom always said, 'Keep your friends close and your enemies closer'.
I've changed my mind about the 'free-range parenting' movement.
This isn't sitting well with the dog unions.
Pfft. Show-off.
I'm pretty sure that's a yellow-bellied ass kisser.
Tweety Tweety Bang Bang.
It's ok Mildred, he's shooting blanks anyway.
Now that's what I call living on the edge.
Hopefully that finch doesn't flinch.
Look, a cartridge!
I'm not sure which of them is more birdbrained
His new theory is: "Be one with the gun".
Cousin Tweetie Defected!!
Hank, I see and understand why our daughter is cutting classes in college. She is obsessed by an older man with a 7 inch shaft.
Now that's a bird's-eye view.
He's from Compton. Nothing scares him.
Only a mockingbird would have the nerve!
Who is the bird brain now?
Another Sanders supporter.
Friends close enemies closer!
Now, if that ain't the ultimate tweet!
A little birdie told me to watch this.....
What a sell out! I feel so betrayed. This live gun site trend better be a passing fad!
They seem happy, but i can't see them staying together
Songbirds have brass and a penchant for irony.
You can tell it's a South Korean Warbler. They always look north."
Isn't that Mock N. Jay, the great impressionist? I hear he's spot on. Audiences love him- just kills em!
I hear she's Tweeting for the NRA.
Well, he's not exactly in hand, per se.
I don't think he noticed us giving him the bird.
A bird on the barrel never quailifiess.
I can't wait to read his tweet.
There's Bird-a-dict Arnold!
He's left the nest. It's not our place to criticize his choice of friends.
He used to work in a coal mine.
A bird on a gun is worth two in a bush.
That's the most unfair decoy I've ever seen.
I just hope riding shotgun doesn’t backfire on him.
Something tells me his cataract surgery wasn't a success.
Hillary is still the safer choice.
Shades of Elmer Fudd!
Which cuckoo is the bigger idiot?
Definitely. The bird bird is much better than the bird dog--looking out for us!
I think they call it "riding shot gun."
Looks like another little grouse for gun control.
He'd be better off ,with two in the bush.
His dad worked in the coal mines.
I tell you, they both need glasses.
I thought we taught her to look the other way.
It's a good job...Miriam has his back
He says it gives him a bird's-eye view that never fails.
It's called "barrelling". All the kids on the Internet are doing it nowdays.
Oh, don't be chicken!
We should advise him worms only live in the dirt.
He's s about the size of that guy's brain.
Robin actually convinced him to go vegan except for the occasional worm.
He's a bird, but he identifies as a bird-dog.
Bernie Sanders, he's not.
'There goes the Great Cat Hunter.'
See how Fred has him over a barrel?
Keep your friends close and...
Jeez, always has to ride shotgun.
I taught him to stay very close to his enemies.
And we wonder why the "birdbrain" label continues to this day.
These extreme sports are so dangerous
I warned you not to teach that child to be so trusting.
Let's mosey on back to the bush ...
Aren't you glad you're not a para-skeet?
They don't talk to each other anymore, but they're still together.
Life on the edge. She's probably safer there than we are here.
He must have read Sun Tzu's "Art of War"
I guess. we can't call him chicken anymore.
Hence, the saying, 'birds of irony sing at their own risk.'
He's Pro Gun!
I always say, a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
Ever since Henderson joined the NRA, he's just been impossible.
Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer.
Hope that her cell phone doesn't ring.
I hear he has a deer on the fender of his truck.
He puts her by the sight to get a bird's-eye view.
He likes keeping his friends close but his enemies closer.
the decoys get dummer every year.
One on the gun beats two in the bush.
It's either very, very stupid or pure genius.
No worries. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
So much for flocking together.
He's a strong believer in the right to arm birds.
It works if your not the prey.
Looks like Nobby's gone "Die Hard" again.
Don't worry, Daisy! Fear Exposure Therapy has been proven to work.
I wonder what Darwin would say about that?
So which one's the dumber animal?
Background checks for American gun owners are quite minimal.
Do you think that's what they mean when they say, " Keep your friends close, and your enemy closer." ?
Guys lets go away from the hunter.... Wait Lin comeback he is going to shoot you. Hunter: Dont worry son I will make you my dinner.
They say "keep you enemies closer."
Ernie's getting pretty brazen with his support of open carry.
I sure hope that counts as 'one in the hand'.
That's one cocky bird-in-hand.
Yup. Two in the bush. Definitely.
Stay alert - technically, he's not 'in hand.'
You say birdbrain, I say genius!
Hey! Steal his hat. I dare ya, steal his hat.
Whew...we are safe. He is in Sarah Palin's hunting party ...so he knows a bird over the barrel is worth 2 in the bush!
He's a rebel without a caw.
Well, that's something to tweet about...
Two in the bush; one on the gun...however it goes. Just point of view.
Don't be trite and predictable.
Well... there's something to be said for keeping your enemies close.
Not to worry he's a politician, talks loud but only shoots blanks.
I agree, she's a babe, but I'm not going out there.
They got him doing background checks.
I suppose there are worse hiding places...
He's still worth the two of us, when you adjust for inflation.
You have to admire his stance on gun control.
I'm afraid that Bernie Sanders caper has made him overconfident.
And then he doesn't understand why we call him Benedict Arnold...
Hey, look . . . it's the Bernie Bird!
It's the whistling "Oh What a Beautiful Morning" that really gets on my nerves!
Wow! Looks like Herb bagged a human with that gun lure.
I believe it's a yellow bellied Quisling.
Said he's riding shotgun.
That stool pigeon is singing like a canary!
Sage wisdom is often passed down to the next generation like a game of telephone. Once an old fellow told me that "a man can kill three birds above a bush when one's stoned". That man was Dick Cheney's father.
That's cukoo.
What a show-off.
It takes balls to sit on that rifle!!
You distract him and I'll poop on his hat.
He's overthinking if he just wants to kill us.
He was always a show off.
He's farsighted
If Larry makes it back, I think next time I'll go with "truth".
Look! A red-backed Quisling!
new gun control regulations
She's always liked living on the edge....
The rifle decoy, the nadir of capitalism.
Looks like she's crossed over to the dark side.
I guess some guys just wanna become extinct.
That's how we put a bird on it.
Looks like they've got each others' backs.
Birdie Flanders just doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
She was rescued from a coal mine.
She always was a bird brain.
The decoys are more original this year.
Who else but,Prince, would do that?
That's our boy off to the front
He's one of those "right to be shot" birdbrains.
He's live-tweeting his protest.
The foot of the candle is dark.
See - feeling disenfranchised can make one a traitor
He won't rest until he finds her killer.
He thinks he's a big shot now.
He's finally chosen a decoy that complements his ensemble.
They shoot horses, don't they?
Thank God! He's found a safe spot.
That's got to be worth three of us.
It's the rare Lemming Bird.
Are you sure that's a Timex?
Real bird brain, ain't he? Which one? Both of 'em.
Hurry! Get the camera and take a shot. Then we post on Twitter.
Her mother was a sparrow.
They say "keep your enemies closer", but, really?
That bird just tweeted "Guns don't hurt you".
This could end up being one heck of a tweet
It's the latest decoy for nearsighted hunters.
A bird between my sights is worth two in the bush.
Deena, Deena. Always the cheeky peep.
I fear Dwight is taking his performance art class a little too seriously, don't you think?
I think you'd need a perching permit.
Sure makes living outdoors an adventure.
Exposure therapy.
Everyone says they all go through a rebellious phase...but I'm really starting to worry...
Self-radicalized.
He said he would never be a cliche.
Maybe she thinks it's his cell phone.
They appointed him 'bird protector' for our forest!
What a domestic.
He's got guts, but he'll lose them if he stays there!
Don't worry. He's a remaining delegate. Nobody knows where he is, much less what he wants, including himself.
How much do you suppose a bird on the barrel is worth?
Lucky for us he forgot his glasses today!
It's what the kids do Doris its a new thing they put a Bern on it
Apparantly she is auditioning for the lead in Bye Bye Birdie
Bernie Sanders is irresistible!
The kids call it ‘riding shotgun.’
a bird on the gun is worth more then 2 in the bush.
I think he thinks it's bait.
Now I know where the expression "Bird-Brain" comes from
How does that saying go?
You should see what this guy does during elk season
Reason number 951 why people hate pigeons.
And they laugh at us for having bird brains...
That's a chick who likes to live dangerously.
Marge, I didn't realize that natural selection took the weekends off.
Definitely not Satisfactual.
His NRA rating is 95 %
Whar hubris even for a stool pigeon!
Just go give her a little peck. Trust me, it will blow your mind!
Yep, he's playing for the other team.
You know, Artie hasn't been quite right since we headed North."
Geez Harriet. I told you you weren't spending enough time on that egg.
They have an understanding.
They' re friends with benefits.
Do you think he's hunting wabbits too?
That is why that species is almost extinct.
Just one little tweet and there'll be no more twitter...
When I told him to ride shotgun, this isn't exactly what I meant.
Don't worry dear I took the bullets out last night.
You know what they say: a bird on a gun is worth two in the bush.
What an ass-kisser!
"Gee Marilyn isn't it lovely out during rabbit season!
I am pretty sure it's meant to be one in the hand?
Kids these days think they are invincible.
Pamina thinks she's so hot 'cause Herr Mozart takes her everywhere.
Don't worry. I'll sing if I sense danger.
Holy Stockholm Syndrome, Robin!!
It must be safe. Look at Judas.
Don't fall for her mating call--I think it could be a trap.
Should we tell Johnny or do we tweet about it?
That's carrying "bi-partisan" too far.
I agree. Bruce has gone over to the dark side.
He's not brave. He's just not in season.
When do you think he'll figure out that he's not at a Bernie Sanders rally!
Bird 1: What a traitor. Bird 2: Well...if you can't beat them, then join them.
It's OK, he must be hunting dogs.
Please vote me for next president!
So a little birdie told him so.
Did she always take this position on guns?
Does the math still hold up if the bird's not exactly in your hand?
He sure is close to doubling his net worth.
I guess Darwin was wrong on at least two counts.
Nobody's aim can be that bad.
That's the old 'bird on the barrel' ploy. We're supposed to think he's bird friendly.
How will it end? Hopefully, not with a #bang but a #tweet.
Tweet!
bird1:thats not a branch! bird2:looks like a good branch,i might join him.
He's been opposing assault weapons in forests across the country since 1988.
Cheney's still confused about who he's supposed to shoot
That's the safest place in the forest.
She's crazy as a loon.
There's our adrenaline junkie.
Now is not the time to feed Junior!
It's the new trend in adorable weaponry.
Stockholm Syndrome? Maybe, but I'm thinking more like turncoat.
Well, it's something to strive for...
You didn't tell me your crazy college roommate is in town... He still hasn't grown up
Branch Recognition was never Sam's strong subject in school.
Those smart-alec teenagers think they’re indestructible.
I never knew Michael Graves designed shotguns.
Honey, when exactly were you planning to teach Junior about hunting season?
He's courting the gun vote. It's called triangulation.
#deathwish.
This duel is going to be quick
Looks like you owe somebody a whole lot a bird seed, my friend
Thats the new whistle blower
Don't worry he vote Republican and the is a dummy.
I hate a free rider
It's a trap!
Joe, what is Bob doing there?
That's Bullshot !
Hard to say who of the two needs glasses more urgently.
I thought he was going to shoot me!
I thought for sure he was going to choose 'Truth'.
That decoy is never going to work.
I bet this is the last time he plays truth or dare with us.
I'm glad Junior has found a safe place to hide.
You had to tell her that we left her everything in our will!"
There goes Bernie Sanders!
He really goes on a limb, doesn't he?
A bird on the barrel is not worth two birds in the bush.
Trust me, we're better off as two in the bush than a finch on a barrel.
Don't fall for it, he's coming for us!
"I wonder what he's thinking right now?" " Mmmmhm bout to have me some good ol' steak fer dinner." *leaves branch*
I don't think Bill understood when we told him to go where they'd least expect to see you.
As long as that decoy is behind him, we're safe!
First it was Bernie's podium. Now he's just showing off.
Master, you think you can really shoot down some birds with such ridiculous mechanism?" "I am not afraid of not brave enough to do, but, rather not brave enough to think. Are you, Collaborator, on my side though?
Why am I so attracted to him?
On the barrel is much safer than in front of the barrel.
I heard it grew out of a seed stuck in her claw.
She saw that Falcon 9 rocket and wants to give it a try. Not sure she's figured out the landing...
She allured me last spring, but he's a lousy shot
Wow, he must have cojones the size of acorns.
I figure humans call us mourning doves because they mourn peace. But they're happiest with a gun.
hipsters...
Duck, duck, goose.
She forgot her selfie stick again.
...and we ask yourselves, how in the hell do we keep risking extinction?
Amazing! What did Bernie Sanders call him? The dove of world peace?
Is she clueless or a visionary?
Yeah, they're more interested in shooting each other.
That bird is really over a barrel.
Don't ask, don't tell.
I had to stop following him. All he tweets about is the Second Amendment.
I remember when ridin' shotgun was all that mattered.
I think this Bernie thing might be going a little too far.
As they say " if you can't beat them, join them"
…so I told Jerry, ‘That’s Bernie Sanders!’
Obviously another severe case of Stockholm Syndrome.
She turned.
See that duck on the guy's rifle? He's ready for duck season.
He'd always rather ride shotgun than fly.
Why does that make me wanna smile and say cheese?
who would have thought he was worth two of us
A bird on the barrel is better than two in the bush.
I told you that canary sang like a snitch.
It's a peaceful shooting.
Such a strange bird.
This month you get a free rifle with your Audubon Society membership.
Safer than us when you think about it.
I'm glad we're in the bush.
We should Tweet about this.
Ever since he ate that Eagle scout badge he thinks he's a protected species.
I don't think I can watch when they reach ten paces!
Did that bunting take up hunting?
We're a little more gun-shy.
Ah. He must own the hunting dog that just went by with the quail twerking on its back.
I should've known from his tweets that he was a stool pigeon.
Shotgun!
He thinks he's being daring- that thing's just a decoy
Another NRA member: National Robin Association
Well, son on a gun
It's the Stockholm effect.
Ralph is such a show- off.
Cranberry farmers are mellow hunters.
Robin wants to be the poster-bird for the 2nd Amendment
He's playing with fire.
In the hand, in the hand!
You know there is an bit of Elmer Fudd in every man.
I told you he would sing like a canary.
If you can't tweet 'em, join 'em!
I wonder what camouflage he uses
It's not bravery--that guy is a terrible shot.
Tweet this #irony
I think that's called a teacher's pet
So much for your NRA speech
He'd better not sing like a canary.
Our child's selfie-obsession has gone too far.
Apparently, he is a French pigeon.
You see, Bob, this is what Xanax does to people.
That's his stool pigeon.
Tweeting about this could definitely backfire.
He's standing on the edge of life
The way he guards his seeds you would think it was all sunflowers.
Let's hope the bird on on the gun is worth two in the bush.
Ignorant or ironic, I ask you.
Burt always calls shotgun.
Do you think the bird's-eye view is better?
That's your doing, Mary -- the way he's always looking back.
I tried to tell him, statues don't walk through the forrest.
Ah, to be young and a dove.
Ok. He's in position. By the way, when was the last time YOU mooned a hunter?
Two chirps from that war bird, and I advise we hit the dirt.
Not only that, he gets the worm without even being early!
So that’s the NRA’s new mascot!
He twitted shotgun.
Perhaps we ought to consider the advantages of helicopter parenting.
He says, 'it is what it is,' which is totally asinine.
"Do you think he knows he's not sitting on a branch?
Well one flew over the cuckoo's nest, it's just hard to tell which one exactly....
That's one not-very-concealed carrier pigeon.
This is one time when being two birds in a bush beats all other options hands down.
He keeps his friends close and his enemies closer.
Look at that! He is going to punish the man.
I think her name is Sacajawea
I'll bet you 5 bucks he lasts the season.
Just ignore him. You wanna go poop on a statue?
Clueless fearless youth.
Good thing Elmer's hunting wabbits today.
Yeah, he's a COOL dad. But sometimes I wish I had a NICE dad.
Elena's just not the same without Nino.
I refuse to believe we evolved from that.
I've warned him repeatedly about the dangers of hitch-hiking but he just won't listen..
If a bird twitters in a forest does anybody @?
Henry always was a show off!
My money's on the bird.
Gun control is for the birds.
You know what they say, you can't pick your kid's friends.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book, not a suicide suggestion, Tweety!
The over is 2 minutes.
I think he's more of a deer person.
He said he wanted to put himself on it.
I can't tell if she's trying to be edgy, or is she edgy?
Look at who's calling the shots now!
Ever since we were kids, he's always been first to call shotgun.
Those mockingbirds just love to taunt hunters.
Are you sure he's going to be fine?
"Looks like classic Stockholm Syndrome." "Or maybe her pirate just got a stick.l
(birds on the tree) You think that man knows?
Well, you did tell him to "keep your friends close and your enemies closer"
I hope he knows that he's not sitting on a branch.
Perhaps a few more days in the shell would have helped.
Now that, is a stool pigeon.
He just found out Trump had another win.
Look at our son... Already standing proud on a branch of a walking tree.
Don't be afraid of your enemies.
The other two are still in the bush.
Come on bro, be a good wingman and distract her friend.
look at our little boy supporting the NRA and the 2nd Amendment
She always goes for the bad boys
A bird on the gun is better than two in the bush.
Jeez, he couldn't get a normal job. He just had to join the gig economy.
Obviously bred to be a Pointer and not a Retriever.
And I thought planking was a stupid craze.
She was impressed by Tiananmem Square
Hey if you go in the barrel, there's worms!
I'd say he has him over a barrel.
She won him over when she tweeted on twitter
A decoy? He must think we're bird brains.
Back in my day we were in hands, not on guns.
Watching him do that always makes me quail.
Birdie hasn't been afraid of anything since that eagle attacked Donald Trump.
Do you think he'll sing?
This gun is useless; everyone knows that you can kill 2 birds with 1 stone.
The balls on that kid.
Now knock him out and take the gun!
Don't pull a Bernie unless it's Bernie.
Next time I get to ride shotgun.
I always thought he was a title cuckoo!
He has no fear. Last week, he took a dump on Trump.
His Twitter blog said they tawt they taw a Puddy Tat.
He's been watching too many Disney movies..
Good idea; let's all hop on that rifle barrel ...
They have a symbiotic relationship. He doesn't shoot the bird, and the bird doesn't crap on his cap.
This is the worst game of chicken I've ever seen.
Well she did ask if she could ride shotgun.
Relax. They only shoot each other now.
I'd make fun of him but I'm chicken.
Gutsiest move I've ever seen.
So a bird on a handgun is worth both of us in this bush?
Two in the bush is worth one on the gun
Our embedded reporter is doing a great job so far!..
One thing I'll say for her: She always stuck to her guns.
Is that Jake or a decoy?
Bob always says, "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
See that Judith? They call that the 1%
He has suicidal thoughts.
Life is to short to live without the trill.
He's a stool pigeon for the NRA
Somebody's clearly compensating...
He doesn't care how many of us go down, he supports the 2nd Amendment....
Always living on the edge is your brother
Why does he perch against his own interests?
You know, he has been incorrigible ever since we let him hang with those showoff eagles up the tree.
He's still technically ahead of the game.
If this isn't worth a tweet, what is?
Better take cover, his daily limit is three!
I mean, I wouldn't consider myself "vanilla", but...
Keep your friends close, your enemy closer.
Damn starlings. Always showing off.
Really, talk about cheeky tweeting.
It's the new Duck Dynasty decoy
About time someone gave him the bird.
Hey, he's your son too!
Her attempts to prove she's worth the two of us are getting out of hand.
Rumor has it he negotiated for his life to be a lookout for his blind side.
What the frick frack snick snack diddily dack crack pack slack mack quarterback crackerjack dental plaque yolk sac does that whack black nonfat flapjack think he’s doin?
Try new things, challenge yourself, and take control of your life!
Our editor wants another Trump caption. Any thoughts?
You didn't invite her!
Call me a dove, but the new background check law looks to be toothless.
Talk about "out on a limb"!
No worries, he's on our payroll now. He will lead him away from us!
She gets three cents an hour. Front sight for short-leg buffalo.
Phew-- glad that's better than 2 in the bush.
He believes in keeping his enemies closer
Looks like the Angry Birds are bringing reinforcements.
What a bird brain that guy has.
Not in season show-off!
I hear the pension plan was too good to refuse
I think it's rush week at Kappa Kappa Pheasant
There goes Benedict Sparrow.
Bet you 50 bucks he picks his nose.
Polly forgot his glasses again.
how very Top Gun of him...
Not to complain, but it's a bit of a letdown after the 'lion & lamb' buildup.
Apparently his last stunt had 4 million views.
Phil is always on the lookout to make life easier for others.
If it's a battle of wits, let's call it a draw.
Studies show that it's safer than flying.
And to think his parents raised him a pacifist.
Well, she ain't chicken. I'll giver her that.
Working for the enemy, I see. Ain't many jobs for the young'uns since they closed the coal mines.
She's getting another 'Bird's eye view'
The kid thinks marching around in the weeds grousing about with that guy is okay wait till he turns it around and starts the shoot em up.
Putting oneself on the crosshairs is sometimes the safest position.
Never trust a parrot.
Just gunning for it...
Well that explains the fancy birdhouse and expensive suet.
Tweety always wanted the trophy lifestyle.
Life's been hard ever since Steve switched sided.
He was always a risk-taker.
That proves it. Anyone can join the NRA.
Backfire!
What a turncoat.
So THIS is what Junior means by "riding shotgun"
That was us once--daring young bird brains.
He's never distracted by a tweet.
Not what I meant when I said, "Make sure you and the hunter don't see each other."
Cuckoo maybe, but he's definitely not a chicken.
Looks easy, but I still prefer flying to riding shotgun.
This gives a whole new meaning to "riding shotgun."
One just flew over the cukoo's nest.
Now THAT'S a mocking-bird.
"He once said 'If ya' can't beat 'em, join 'em'".
Told ya. . . we got nuthin' to worry about . . .
We need to review the lesson on situation awareness
Should we call him a traitor or a whistle blower?
He should have asked for more than ten paces.
Checkmate Chick
Looks like he's got Chirpy over a barrel.
when you try your best but you don't succeed
Enjoy yourself, it's later than you think!
I can't believe our own son took a decoy job.
I wonder how many followers he has.
You know, I thought she was acting just a little too flirty and asking too many questions the last time we were over at the corn field.
Now she is imagining that she is a poster child for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Our admissions counselor felt he needed more real-world experience.
He knows there's a bird on the end of his gun right?" "Nah. This guy is so dumb can't even pronounce his R's, he says wabbit.
He's been live tweeting the hunter's movements all morning.
Well, I suppose it is the safest possible place.
What season is it right now?
He has Stockholm Syndrome.
There goes my nest egg.
It's either a bad decoy or the dumbest bird I ever saw.
It's the bluebird of happiness -- trust me it won't stay.
He's part dodo on his father's side.
When doves cry.
Fortunately, a bird with the gun is worth two in the bush!
I wonder how much decoys are getting these days.
I'm not surprised, he's no Birdie Sanders.
He must be using birdshot.
He told me that he is up to date on his NRA dues
I hope she doesn't get shipped out to the Middle East.
And humans thought we were stupid...
Season's first Benedicta Arnolda.
I suggested he hide in plain sight.
A duel, again !!??!!
For once I would like him to choose "truth" in our Truth or Dare.
He's a member of the NRA.
See? Friends close enemies closer.
There he goes taking rides with strangers again.
It's Elmer, be vehhwey, vehhwey quiet.
I cry fowl. He's using a decoy.
Gotta love being the two birds in the bush in this situation.
It beats working in the mines.
That's a Double-barreled Warbler.
I think it's time for the talk.
Why does Bernie always get to ride shotgun?
He was always a bird brain.
Once again we see the formidable hunter, totally in tune with his surroundings, continue on his quest for his elusive quarry.
Either this is an idiom or he's an idiot.
The guy is a legend.
BOSHA won't like this one bit
This is so bizarre -- we're not in a Trump cartoon.
Don't give me that 'A bird on the gun is worth two--anywhere!'
I heard that he got laid off at the coal mine
We call it 'Hidden in plain sight'.
...and this is why there are two turtle doves.
Cheney's out again
We call him 'Finch The Snitch'.
He gets the bird brain from his father
It's birdie season and I'm hunting birdies, so be vewy, vewy quiet.
Steve looks like he's got a birds eye view.
@hunters ananymous - little does he know.
Looks like Elmer and Tweety had a little spat this morning
I still think two in the bush is worth much more.
This one's cuckoo.
When I said to junior, "Hunt or be hunted" yesterday, I didn't think he'd take it literally!
Careful! He's got a peep sight.
Looks like L'il Chirp has turned narc!
They met at a Bernie Sanders rally.
He's not stupid -- he knows the guy left his glasses at home.
She was always a thrill seeker.
He is the thing with feathers.
The gun lobby will use this for another peaceful use for guns.
Oh, she's game all right.
That's not how we raised him
And that one believes the guy works at Disney's movie studio.
Well, she finally got her cracker.
He's our early warning system
hunter and the hunted can get along
She's one of our embedded journalists...
She supports the Second Amendment.
We're safe as long as we stay together here
10 steps, then fire away!
No, you go talk to her.
I have a lot of growing up to do
She's picketing
That's it -- he's in the fraternity.
He always did march to the beat of his own drum.
'Look, they're not speaking! She's giving him the cold tail feather."
I never expected Jackson to sell himself out like that.
First the bungee jumping, now this!
Well that is indeed a bold move, but the physics support that strategy.
Phase one, complete. Phase two, poke his eyeball out.
Woodstock he's not.
do you think we should inform him it's bird season
This is worth re-tweeting.
That chick ain't chicken
I told you the new stealth technology works.
Oh that's just a new decoy meant to attract single chicks who support the NRA
I get the feeling this will be our friends last Tweet.
They're on sentry duty as a team.
The best place to hide is on site.
I thought you were supposed to teach him not to fraternize !
She's a peace activist.
This place must have the 48 hour waiting period
You wanna tell him or should I?
This is probably why they always talk about just Two Little Dickie Birds.
Her true calling is mine safety.
As long as he maintains that position, he's safe.
should we tell him that is not a branch?
They say it gives you a bird's eye view...
Don't be fooled, he's faster than Sundance
What would you expect from someone who builds a nest in a Judas Tree?
That's Wally, always pushing the envelope.
Even the fledgling knows it's only a prop.
For our sake, I'm hoping that a bird on the gun the same as one in the hand.
A Trump supporter afraid for the future.
Now she is facing southwest.
Et tu, Tootie?
He just watch The Godfather Part II
A Bird on the Barrel Is worth two in the bush", don't you think?
Would you believe he's a Bird Watcher?
What do you bet their kind are headed for extinction?
Kevin is so cocky when he's out of season.
Dead bird riding.
I'm not sure, but apparently he has some inherent knowledge of "wabbits."
Probably one of those young Progressive Birdie Activists
I think Harold has taken this “Bird in the Hand” thing just a little too far…
Look at tweety-bird having a barrel of fun while we quail.
I wish he'd stop saying "some of my best friends are birds" before he fires.
Is he trying to prove he's better than us?
Tweeting that out for sure. #birdbrain #cuckoo. @NewYorker. @NatEnquirer. RT if you agree.
That guy should watch out. Dick Cheney is hunting nearby.
I still think we're worth more.
Are you sure? He doesn't look like Elmer Fudd.
He always was a little Cuckoo.
I'm afraid that little bird may be in for a big surprise.
He's getting an Uber. One way.
Bird-brains of a feather flock together.
I hope he's there to warn us.
He's always been pro-gun.
Campaigning for the Darwin Award 2016
Tell him to go see Bernie.
It's not that surprising. Robins always have had strong feelings about the the right to perch arms.
He's probably not in season.
That elusive Darwin Award - at least he keeps trying.
at last. A member of the NRA who is a pacifist
Benedict is doing it again.
Must be first day of rabbit season.
A bird on the gun is worth three in the bush.
Do you think she's limited to 140 characters?
He'll be OK as long as he keeps his mouth shut
He says it's the safest place.
This ridiculous hazing has got to stop.
We have to tell Junior to get another hobby.
An end of the barrel run for him!
He'll need more than one gun to kill the two of us!
Well, for "Hamilton" tickets, sure.
It's Norm. They've turned him.
Do you think he knows yet?
Too soon the companion, too late the target.
Facebook & Instagram sure, but I don't think we should Tweet.
His eye is not upon the sparrow.
Smart, too close to shoot.
Hey! Look behind you!
I'm not going for that jailbait!
What an egghead.
and that’s why I don’t use Twitter.
We're safe - a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
It's a cultural exchange program.
Didn't we just see him on Bernie Sanders podium?
She's interning as a scope.
He's an adrenaline junkie.
Ever since Bernie Sanders ...
He grew up in this neighborhood, and now look, he's been radicalized by the hunters.
Sold out for a year's supply of sunflower hearts!
He must be an animal rights hunter.
One of these days he'll go too far...
Like I've said...stay close to your enemies.
What a hot dog!
What a suck-up!
I don't get it. That bird doesn't quail.
He's been smoking "T" again.
Okay, your affair with that parakeet has its benefits.
She's an endangered species.
I'll never understand why they go for one in the hand.
He's safe, bird season opens next week.
let's fly- that's a stool pidgeon sitting on that gun
I want to tweet about this, but it could kill him.
When do you think he'll realize the branch is moving?
dont be oblivious to whats right in front of you
Tweet, tweet, tweet, TWEET! (translation: 'That's not a tree branch you moron!')
Hasn't he learned from Bambi?
Looks like a suicide by hunter.
Think we should give him a hand?
I thought you told him not to play chicken
Our little one is a lot braver than we thought!
Would this be considered a bird in hand?
He better not tweet about this.
Looks like another brokered convention.
Technically, its the safest place to be if you think about it
I thought you said he was a stool pigeon.
It's a remora bird.
He's beginning to believe.
Do we really need empirical evidence that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?
I can't decide which one is more clueless.
Talk about whistling through the graveyard...
That's really 'getting ahead of the curve!'
I told you that boy needed glasses
With my parents it was decoys. For us it's tweets.
Dear, all I said to her was 'lookout for the hunter!"
We might be empty nesters sooner than we thought.
I always told him to be brave and follow his dreams.
We told him to be all he can be. Next time, we'll be more specific.
I'd rather have cold feet.
An unnecessary sequel to Birdman or The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance
There's a good reason why they call them larks.
Darwin at work.
I think they call it Alzheimer's.
It was just a dare; I didn't think he'd really do it!
I told you this was our lucky day, imagine if that bird was in his hand.
Meanwhile, somewhere in Canada....
Camouflage only takes you so far.
Talk about a bird brain.
Well as George Bernard Shaw said, "Youth is wasted on the young."
Your son is acting up again.
I find the new gunsight offensive.
He's changed since that gig with Bernie
Who's that chick riding shotgun?
We've successfully embedded a tweet in the NRA.
Hunting is for the birds.
Timmy crossed Timmy changed parties.
Well, I still think that two in the bush is better than one on the barrel
Relax, it's Elmer Fudds' Great Grandson. Start whistling some Opera and we will really have some fun.
Now that's what we call a dodo bird.
Oh I'm going to have to tweet this.
There goes Benedict Cardinal.
Junior takes after your side of the family.
He really traded his hunting dog in for that?
That cuckoo is over a barrel.
Bernie's stand on gun control contains many contradictions.
I think it will take more than that one to make two in the bush.
Trumps NRA conservation photo op.
It's too bad, he's got her over a barrel.
I'm guessing...married fisherman.
Harold has a real set!
AND he's tweeting about it. Show-off!
He's been out there all day and still hasn't spotted him.
It's one of those newfangled social media sights---when you're on target, it tweets.
He must not realize the danger of being a fellow traveler!
Someone should issue a golden alert.
Obviously, Bert's running out of ideas for his suicide attempts.
Uber comes to the jungle.
I thought they cut Rifle Barrel Balance Beam from The Bird Olympics.
Genius! When he's perched there, he can't be shot!
Best he could do after they shot his hippo.
Well, looks like Hank has become the sell-out I always knew he was...
Our educational system these days could do more to teach practical skills.
Ernie always liked living on the edge
#VALUE!
Well....he is an NRA member!
Relax. He only gets two shots to make birdie.
I heard he's voting for Trump
Looks like he is enjoying the sites.
Robin will be OK - it's Dick Cheney.
Total frat move but I'm impressed!
He's not much of a shot.
My father told me that in his day 'Mighty Hunter' meant something.
Apparently our son has jumped the gun.
That one works for the NRA.
I would have never done that at his age!
Kids are so reckless these days.
Safest spot in the woods !
I guess that is the safest place to take a break.
He said he wanted to take a stand on gun control. I'm not sure he understands the issue.
Talk about clueless.
Watch out, Farmer Brown is using the old decoy game again.
You couldn't pay me to do that.
Treason is never out of season.
You know what they say, "one on the gun..."
He's the bird in the hand, right?
I love scarecrows with a perch
Is Mr. Fudd using his familiar trick to get us to fly or is that really our little teenage ducky?
It's a Cuckoo Glock.
I’ve heard you should keep friends close and enemies closer, but that seems a bit extreme.
Lazy bird, he'll do anything for a free ride.
"Keep your friends close...your enemies closer.
Bernie? Naw!
Of which bird brain are you speaking?
He's supporting Bernie.
No wonder she finally shut up.
First Bernie gets one, now everybody wants one.
My ex joined the NRA.
He's the "little bird that told him".
It's actually pretty safe there.
I thought you said we could trust him.
*sigh* . . . you think you know a bird.
Somehow, the marriage works.
Okay, so which one's dumber?
Watch the Birdie
I don't know which one is more oblivious to their surroundings.
What...you were expecting another Trump cartoon?
A real traitor. He tweets when he sees geese
Larry always did like living on the edge.
Now that’s a great example of keeping your friends close and your enemies closer.
Quisling quail.
Looks like the NRA wants to appear eco-friendly.
Keep your eye on little Albert. He's a smart one. Sits on the rifle barrel and can't get shot.
Did I ever introduce you to my birdbrain of a cousin Lenny?
Spring sighting.
Talk about faith in the Endangered Species Act!
Balls like ostrich eggs.
It should be o.k. We're the two in the bush.
No worries today, that peep sight is set waaay too far forward!
Maybe we deserve to be endangered.
You think she's got his back?
A little birdie told me he's "game" for a threesome.
Yeah, he always has to ride shotgun.
Yes, I see there's an unfamiliar bird trespassing in our territory; and no, I'm not going to do anything about it.
See, I told you that dog wasn't gonna last if he kept laughing at him.
"...Harry always believed on living life on edge"...
Kiss up!" "Sycopheasant!
And now, phase two: he flies away with it gripped in his mighty talons!
We should go over there and make it a pear tree.
A bird in the hand is worth... Aw, forgettaboutit.
Definitely, he's feelin' the Bern.
He's been a charmed Quail since he took the rap in the Cheney shooting.
Don't answer his tweets!
That's a red breasted quisling.
We'll do that when he carries the double barrel.
I see he's catching coot.
He'll Teewt if danger Smool.
If he sees usnhensnsupposed to send out a tweet.
His latest tweet was that he's trying to work within the system.
Don't worry, the Bernie Bird says Vermont bullets don't hurt.
A hiker told me we should give this guy the bird.
La de da.
She hasn't been able to stop showing off since she began the South Beach diet.
It's going to be a long day with that decoy.
At least he doesn't have one stone.
Now that's what I call balls
5 more seconds and we lose the bet; quick, squawk at him!
Oh the irony of it all.
Shhhh...Not a PEEP!
Told you it was him - the bird in the hand.
That's the trouble with songbirds, they just don't think it all the way through.
He's a bird version of Benedict Arnold
Talk about lazy!
It's his poise that I admire.
I was not looking at another bird! It's a decoy!!
A bird of the rifle is worth less than two on bush.
It's not a death wish; he's just stupid.
Should we send him a tweet?
I thought YOU were going to talk to her about the birds and the BB guns.
Bird in the hand worth what? Denied!
Can you believe the balls on that tit?
I can't not look.
I call foul play.
I guess it's like having eyes in the back of your head.
Shhh ... be quiet,it looks like a stool pigeon to me.
Son of a bitch!! That's the little little birdie that tells him where to hunt!
It thinks he's Bernie.
Good thing we breed by numbers.
I told you that small egg looked cuckoo to me.
I prefer he sticks to Bernie rallies
Where was he when that so called friend of Dick Cheney really needed him?
tweet, that's #worthtwointhebush
I thought dog was mans best friend
Maybe joining the NRA wouldn't be so bad after all
There goes Ms. Gutsy Guy
" It could be a decoy"!
Wasn't he at Woodstock?
I guess that's always the risk with public rush tickets.
You know it's all fun and games until someone gets hurt
What do you think Darwin would say about this?
You're right.... we're the ones who need to worry.
Well, mother, not every thing can be taught.
I told you there was a pigeon among us...
He said that he would TWEET us if he got any closer.
A fowl traitorous act indeed!
Jay has always been very gutsy
She gets paid to tweet every word from his mouth.
he's never just one in the hand or two in the bush.
Well, the strange thing is that birds aren't afraid of him but no humans will hunt with him and they say that he used to be some kind of vice president.
A bird on the rifle is worth two in the bush.
If you ask me, the NRA's new campaign is too over the top.
I'm not fond of guns, so I'll sit this one out.
? "And a Bluebird on the end of me...." ?
I shouldn't have called her an Uber.
Don't worry they'll get him in tax season.
Showboating again.
You have to admire his chutzpah.
He must feel a lot safer with somebody riding shotgun.
It's the Cement Block of Damocles
He's twice the bird we are.
So many eggs, so little time.
Apparently riding shotgun was high on his bucket list.
So, what did you expect? A black sheep on a .410?
Riding shotgun?
Don't be fooled into complacency. He's a taxidermist.
... and he keeps his enemies closer.
Remember when the species barrier was inviolable?
Cocky. Isn't he.
We don't need to be quiet - he's hunting wabbits.
That hunter's really got game.
And now we end our tour of the forest with the oblivious hunter...
Uncle Tom.
Let's just pretend she went to college.
And hellooo, sole custody.
Yes, I do believe it's the extremely rare "Huntus Oblivious!"
Not what I meant when I said, "Give him the bird."
Isn't that the Bernie Sanders bird?
Amazing the risks the young ones will take for a selfie.
Apparently that is a mocking bird.
I think that's Elmer Fudd, but I don't want to chance it so I'm staying put.
Unfortunately, she's pledged to stick with him until after the first bullet.
I don't know if he's a canary but he sure sings like one
That tweet has flown the coop. He's half-cocked.
He's the ultimate bird of prey.
The bragging rights for riding the barrel are huge.
Now that's a bird brain!!
I think we found the source of all the NRA Tweets.
He may be crazy, but I tell you, embedded journalists get all the chicks.
Now there’s a sight you don’t see too often.
The first sign that this neighborhood has gone down hill.
Oh, look. Jerry caught another hunter.
He must be in need of a little seed money...
Doesn't he understand what "One in the hand" means?
When he stops singing, duck!
He's just an absent-minded patent examiner mumbling about God not playing dice with the universe.
Harry's riding shotgun this season.
Now that's what I call branching out and taking a risk.
Now there's a guy who lives on the edge!
If he only knew how silly he looks.
That's no quail - that's a quisling!
He's no canary and that ain't no coal mine, but I still get a bad vibe.
I don't think I can express what I'm feeling right now in 140 characters, or less. @bye_bye birdie.
Does he think we're dodo birds?! What a stupid decoy!
His hazing is now complete. Welcome, Brother Jeff.
A bird on the Official Red Ryder Carbine-Action Two-Hundred-Shot Range Model Air Rifle is worth two in the bush.
When you think about it, he's actually got the safest seat in the woods.
Mockingbird, pretty sure.
Well at least we have next spring to try again.
They said he was going to run as Republican and now I believe it.
That guy has a real birds eye view
I heard he donated a great deal of birdseed to her foundation.
That's why he's called cuckoo.
Why tweet it? They'd never believe us.
'If only he knew......'
I'm just glad her mother's not here to see this!
Well, that one certainly isn't worth two of us.
Relax. A bird on the gun is worth two in the bush!
Why is it always our kid?
I'm pretty sure that Bert isn't NRA material.
Hunting guide, schmunting guide...if we catch him, we're gonna hang him.
Wow, that Brass Balled Warbler really lives up to its name.
"It's his service bird".7
Oh man, Bernie is such a romantic!
Uh oh, looks like Helen is off her meds.
He obviously was the first to call "shotgun."
He's got his "six."
Hey Tweety - Tweet This !
It's a dream come true for him. He's always wanted to ride shotgun.
Worms! They're hunting worms!
He's obsessed with that movie 'Dr. Strangelove'
How can you Trump that?
Ralph says he'll peck the guy's eyes out, but I think he just wants a free ride.
We always new he was rebellious, but this is ridiculous!
IF YOU CANT DODGE THEM YOU JUST JOIN THEM
He's your son, you go get him!
Remember being a scout?
I'm going to twitter about it.
She DOES like heavy metal!
He's clearly the one who's 'cuckoo.'
Well if smoking doesn't kill him, this probably will...
It's times like this I'm glad the two of us are in the bush.
So, your Jason got his internship with the ATF then?
Quick, give me your iPhone.
"I know he is on the endangered list, but he doesn't have to be pompous about it".
To tweet, or not to tweet...
It's that damn second amendment--what about our rights?
some people never stop hunting for retweets
That dumb cluck is a real bird-brain.
Rudy always seems to find the most unusual Internet travel sites.
He's a double agent.
Talk about 'stay close to your enemies."
At least he is no Cheney
That little bird won't tell him very much if he doesn't turn around.
It's the Brown-Nosed variety of the Yellow-Bellied Flycatcher.
Phoebe is such a showboat.
She always was a slut!
So what exactly are they teaching at bird school these days?
They both refuse to wear glasses.
We're beautifully rendered, sure, but what do we have to do with Donald Trump?
I heard it was a Michael Graves' design.
That's him, Elmers's stool pigeon.
Someone should tell him that "Hunting is for the birds" is a figure of speech."
This has gone too far. Stop spiking the birdbath.
Location. Location. Location.
Look, the NFL was right to ban this kind of behavior. It's taunting, plain and simple.
I feel a lot safer since the Audobon Society installed the early warning system.
Chuck is a mockingbird's mockingbird.
Best mocking bird in the business
Forest Chump
Don’s strong sense of opportunism allows him to overcome his small talons and ride that gun barrel to his destination.
A bird on the gun is worth two in the bush, I think we are safe.
His wife told him he needed a hobby.
I guess a bird in the hand is really worth more than two in the bush.
These millennials think they can just perch themselves on anything.
Tweet the birdbrain that's no selfie stick.
What do you think she'll use for the nest -- the hat or the mustache?
Let's hope he is half blind, and not a traitor.
Nothing like hiding in plain sight!
I don't mind his species fluidity. What disturbs me is his support of the NRA.
The new Browning's got a Twitter feed?
Earl sure does love riding shotgun.
A bird feed addict will sell out his own mother.
I don't call that "in the hand"
Not too bright, but our boy's sure got some moxie.
He always was a few twigs short of a full nest.
I told that bird he needs his eye's checked, but is too vain to wear glasses.
I guess this is what they mean by bird shot.
I can't believe he's really using 1X birdshot.
WELL I'LL BE A SON-OF-A-GUN!
does it really shoot seeds?
It's bold, it's daring, and it just might work.
I thought u said he called Uber? No, I said Goober.
I hadn't heard of Stockholm Syndrome before.
I told you we taught him to fly a little too early...
Oh look, Walter launched his manned satellite branch.
Next time we should dare him to swing by Ted Cruz's place.
With only one hunter, "hide in plain sight" can work.
She's had that armed security service ever since the scary hawk threat.
I'll be dammed, Hank and Artie's counselling sessions are finally paying off.
The death of Twitter
I can't decide whether Freud or Darwin would have more to say.
Can't really call it a 'sit-in' can we? More like a 'sit-on.' Risky, ain't it? Still, that human will think twice. Feathered lives matter!
Sometimes I think he takes "Keep your enemy closer" too literally.
It's a twitter challenge.
I've warned him it can be dangerous riding shotgun.
More like two birds with one snitch...
I thought that 'hiding in plain sight thing' was just theoretical.
So what's a *gun* in the hand worth?
He's not from our branch of the family.
Last time it was the coal mine, now it's riding shotgun.
I knew he was a different kind of bird, but never a Turncoat.
I wonder what the world would be like if there was no inherited wealth.
Nothing is safer than being a rifle sight
Looks like the little N.R.A. shoulder patch worked.
Yah, it is surprising, but at least he is not a Trump supporter...
It's my wife's idiot nephew.
The perching market's tighter than we thought.
Two turtle doves and a partridge on a pear shaped man.
That's his dog-bird
I Told you he was a mockingbird!
The bird won't live the day to see Hilary make that gun illegal.
He tweeted something about the 2nd ammendment.
Milo's really giving the middle feather to that guy
I gotta tweet this.
The hunter has him over a barrel, we should send him a tweet.
Supposedly they have an agreed safe word
Yup, he put a bird on it.
He thinks it's a starter pistol
He didn't get an idea like that from my side of the family.
She makes it through hunting season year after year.
If Tom doesn't get all the way into the hand, he's got to stop saying he's twice the bird we are.
Yeah, you should have seen last years dummy, it looked like Trump!
Must be from Porland.
Now that takes balls, great big, tiny bird balls.
Who said that the 2nd Amendment was for the birds-only?
And they say there's no such a thing as a free ride.
See? The open-carry ones are clueless. It's the ones who try to conceal their shotguns in their pants legs that you have to watch out for.
I think they are called Coal Mine Canaries.
A clear case of Stockholm syndrome.
Don't worry that's Cheney, he only shoots ranchers.
Ahem! I believe it was your idea to adopt............
So much for birds of a feather flocking together!
I heard he has a mole working for him too.
He must've called shotgun
I'm not convinced the best defense is a good offense.
Sweet bird of youth- his endangered species status came thru.
Awkbird!
They're said to be more agile than Spaniels.
I am so glad we bought our son one of those smart phones with GPS. It is so much easier to track down the hunters.
wait..so is a retweet an endorsement or not?
A delegate in the hand is worth two in the bush.
I still prefer his 'poop on the hat' routine.
Well, Larry definitely isn't a chicken, but I'd say his goose is cooked.
What does he know that we don't know?
They say the best defense is a good offense.
Friggin' Smartass!
Snitch
See, there really is a death wish.
So how much do you think Jimmy is getting paid to be a Spotter?
She's official bird of the NRA.
Why do kids insist on doing the exact opposite of what you teach them?
He betrayed us because you kept pecking on him.
He's always been a right winger
Boy, what an ass kisser
Cuckoo. NRA member. Take flight, girlfriend.
Fame is addictive. He thinks Bernie's camp might want to make a pro-NRA ad.
Some say 'brave' but I say 'stuffed'
Come on and give One Stone a chance.
Double Agent
Oh? Can you think of a safer place?
'He lived dangerously when we were together too!'
So that's what the conservative branch looks like
Boy, Harold is such a schmuck!
So typical with her - new week, new hunter.
I think they call it Stockholm Syndrome
He says they'll have to pry it from his cold, dead claws.
I'm the luckiest man in the world...
I don't understand how a bird could be a Republican these days.
And he didn't even let out a peep !
He won't listen to his dad or me, his showing off is going to get him shot!
Not to worry-The location of the decoy tells me he's a novice hunter.
Even though he's said to be worth the same as us, from his perch he still puts on airs.
Are you sure that's him?
He said he was going out to have a blast.
He's pulling a Bernie.
He never forgave us when we told him that he was adopted.
City birds are such show-offs.
Once you get past the morbidness of it all, the story of their friendship really is kind of adorable.
I know you fancy that
You need an app to get the ride.
His protected species request must have been approved.
I blame myself for making him too trusting.
"Do you think ,dear, we should distract the hunter before the kid finds out he's not sitting on a tree branch?
They call us bird-brains?
Hes' dreaming if he thinks we'll fall for " A bird at the end of the Shotgun is worth two in the Bush."
The kid's got moxie!
MY genes? YOU'RE the one with the backward brother!
He likes living on the edge.
Junior can only find seasonal employment.
He really pushes the envelope.
They're symbiotic. One hunts while the other rides shotgun.
I double dared him.
A bird in the sight is not worth two in the bush.
I told you he's a bad shooter.
Don't respond to his tweet.
He must have caught that PBS special about the shark and pilot fish.
You're right. Decoy location is everything.
I despise him with every feather of my being.
Raised by politicians, he ascribes to the belief: "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em"
well, half a bird dog is better than none
I'm not so sure the expensive private school was the best choice in the end.
Looks like he's got a chirp on his shoulder.
He's dumber than Elmer Fudd.
I told you that chick was a snitch.
A bird on the gun could be worth more than two in the bush.
Turncoat! I bet he used to be a Democrat!
Where have we failed?
Our wing man.
Don't worry - a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
Rapproachment?
How many is one on the gun worth?
He's engaged to the guy's canary.
I didn't know junior was an NRA supporter.
He's been like that since Susan left.
Doesn't look like he'll be contributing to the gene pool
Don't you think Tweet is taking this Second Amendment thing a bit too far?
We are safe, a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
She's showing her support for the second amendment.
Newbie.
I've heard of "a bird in hand," but this is ridiculous.
This could be the last tweet he ever sends
Getting worms the old fashioned way is still good enough for me.
I've always had my doubts about that one...
I don't think he understood when you said he could ride shotgun.
Typical dove.
I always knew he was a Stool pigeon.
One bad tweet and it's all over.
That crazy bastard always did love riding shotgun.
See? Ever since he modeled for the Twitter logo he thinks he can do anything.
He's always been a 2nd Amendment nuthatch.
Looks like we should all do some traumatic bonding.
Does he really think we'll fall for that?
Polly's decided to seek re-election, I see.
Well it's not a very creative decoy..
Like the Republicans he,s staying close to his enemy.
I knew he had a mole on the inside.
Obamacare has made him fearless
Probably his social media advisor.
Sometimes you need a better outlook to live a better life.
Looks like two twits!
One in hand is worth two in the bush
When will kids these days understand that they won't be alive to tweet something like that
Honey remember ...we had to learn it the hard way too!
Gotta hand it to Larry, this is gonna be an awesome selfie.
I saw it on TV. It's Popeil's new vertically integrated hunting system: decoy and shotgun in one compact unit.
Those human decoys get more life-like every year.
I know they say keep your enemies close, but this seems dangerous.
He's checking it off his buckshot list.
Snitches get Stitches.
If only they knew how tasty songbirds are.
'Junior might be getting over confident"
I don't think "hiding in plain sight" applies to hiding in the sights.
Mom always said that it's better to be two in the bush.
I think that's part of the effette wing of the NRA.
I've never seen a Piping Turncoat that I liked.
He just keeps re-tweeting it: "The NRA: keeping you safe."
Mine doesn't listen to me either.
The nerve, sleeping with the enemy.
He's gun controlled challenged.
You know, I say let 'em have a gun or two. Can't get up off the ground to save their lives, and their neck-rotation ability is just plain sad.
Look, it's a bird's eye view of the NRA
A swift, he's not.
Peep sight!
At least we can say we taste better than him...
There goes Tweety taunting the tourists again.
They call that a cheep trick.
Apropos your issue! "Looks like Trump has chosen Dick Cheney for the ticket"
I have got to tweet about this!
There are rumors he will replace the bird dog.
It's a gun, fly away! Haven't u learned anything from watching bambi
Well, honey, you raise 'em the best you can, but sooner or later they have to make their own decisions.
I warned her not to peck around the special mushrooms.
Looks like Stockholm syndrome to me
Well, you know what they say, "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer!"
I disagree with where she stands on gun control
That finch is a snitch; she'll tell him about us.
Do you think he knows?
One on a barrel is worth two in the bush.
Well, I guess he has the catbird seat.
That takes the meaning of oblivious to a whole new level.
He finally found a way to beat the system.
That's not Jerry, is it? Actually, yeah. I think that is Jerry.
Jumping the shark is so last week.
I am so proud of our son.
She makes a bit too much of living on the edge.
That's not the kind of shoot we taught her to sit on.
It's okay, he has Obamacare...
Protected Species
I hope that bird poops on the rifle barrel before flying off
Even as a toddler he always like to take chances.
your kid has learned to fly, Muzzle Tov !
That bird has a great decoy, no one will shoot him
Jr. has really taken to hunting.
Oh dear - our "two in the bush" currency just keeps devaluing.
You're right, it is weirdly symbiotic.
What on earth do you suppose she sees in him?
Watch out! He's a shill.
It's not exactly in his hand but, apparently, he's worth two of us here in the bush
From the pear tree to the dark side in one swoop...
I've always been much more of a 'two-in-the-bush' kinda guy.
I hoe he Twitter about this soon
If you can't fight 'em, join 'em.
Guess he never heard of the "Big Bang" theory.
She would be better off in the pear tree.
I wouldn't call that a bird in hand.
To thin.
He overheard hunter's wife say he only shoots blanks.
He adores Elmer Fudd and Tweetie Bird.
I can't begin to guess who's going to get the bigger surprise.
Now he thinks he's worth two of us.
A bird is known by the company it keeps.
I guess a bird on the rifle beats two in the bush!
Let me guess ... It's his first time as a Lookout.
I told you he needed glasses.
He's taking this Hamilton craze a bit too far.
Beware! One bird on a barrel is safer than two on a bush.
It's Elmer and he's a pacifist.
Bob! That's not your Uber!
Birds of a feather.
Now that's what I'd call a bird brain!
Last time he pulled that stunt he lost his tail feathers
Not the best lookout we've ever had.
He just loves riding 'Shotgun'!
Ever since he survived that fall out of the nest, he's been a adrenaline junkie!
Pssst Steve! Not what we meant by taking a stance on gun control!
Geez, not sure which one of those two is the bigger birdbrain!
A bird on the barrel saves two in the bush.
Must be a Democrat.
He likes to be thought of as the 'Bluebird of Mayhem'
So, it's true. She's been cheeping with the enemy.
It beats flying,I guess.
Bears are building better decoys!
The white man's birdin'
He must not have a good blind sense.
I think the expression is "in hand" but I still like our odds.
That kid of yours is living dangerously.
She's overlooking the most important sight.
Watch out. It's a drone.
That's a strange sight.
Somebody told him to use birdshot
So that's where Robyn's husband is
I could be brave, too if I were out of season.
I'll bet you ten to one that the decoy is the one holding the gun.
That deserter Spike. Not only did he go over to the other side, but he gets to ride shotgun.
Those protected species are such smart-asses.
I feel so betrayed! Leonard promised me the NRA membership application I found was just fodder for our nest.
Do you think that counts as T & E?
I thought it was just a rumor that he became a lobbyist.
I recognize him. That's Aaron Burrd...
He can keep walking if he thinks this makes us two in the bush.
Now I'm really pissed that I forgot my iPhone at home!
A yellow-bellied stool pigeon, if I'm not mistaken.
Amazing...this is exactly the kind of thing Red Bull should sponsor.
Check out that hot chick !!
Tattle Tit
Be assured: we will get a bang out of this!!!
Smart move! The hunter can't shoot him.
Looks like Tweety got herself a new boyfriend. (Alternately: She did always say she liked a man in uniform.)
Do you think he's going to break out a spontaneous rendition of Purple Rain?
I knew we couldn't trust him.
It's the Big Bang Theory with Twitter.
Pap's decoys are just getting too pathetic.
Look, he's a teenager. All teenagers are birdbrains.
Ralphie should know that riding shotgun is not cool.
This adds a new paradigm to the sanctuary debate.
Riding shotgun sure looks cool.
He is obsessed with that line from the Godfather Part II, "Keep your friends close but your enemies closer."
Bloody migrants! They don't even try to understand.
He plans to live-tweet every shot.
It took us years to get somebody in the inside.
There it goes. Another betrayer.
Shh. Don't tweet. Text.
She keeps her friends close, but her enemies closer.
you know the old saying? "one bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush"
Whatever you do, don't retweet.
I'm telling you, Larry's got Stockholm Syndrome.
Time for a pheasants' revolt.
Safest place our friend could be!!
That woodpecker is really talented. He carved that life-size hunter out of an old oak tree.
He'll never look there...
Be careful . . . . I think he's using birdshot.
I think his plan is about to backfire.
Kids are calling it 'rifling'; say it's a real rush
What's his game?
He's a dirty violent no good son of a bitch,but he's our dirty violent no good son of a bitch .
That's the worst decoy I've ever seen.
I dunno. Must have something to do with Trump.
Game changer - live location tweets #embedded bird.
Did Dick Cheney have a mustache?
There's no bird call for that
He said he's got something going with a taxidermy woodpecker.
Embedded journalism.
Which one is the bigger birdbrain?
His tweet just went viral
There goes Bob, always tweeting about his 2nd amendment rights.
So, which is it? A bird mocking or a mocking bird?
He always tries to be the oddball.
We call it 'suicide by hunter.'
It makes sense. The old guy can't afford a real scope, and Fred hates ducks.
I don't know how this duel is going to end
If you tweet nice things, even the NRA can be your friend.
??Sumer is icumen on, lhookin' fer kukku??
Quid pro quo?
Aha! The first Fudd-Finch of Spring!
He just retweeted.
There goes the rat with wings
Thats why I stopped following her tweets.
And so it begins....
He sure is keeping his enemy closer.
Is it too risky to make enough noise to expose that little showoff?
That's why they call it a Peep Sight.
Careful, the scout is with him.
That's one strange bird.
I call shotgun.
His daughter told him he should live-tweet the hunt.
He does know pheasants are predictors, right?
The kardashians as quail
Three against 1, let's do this!
A few seconds on Bernie's podium and he thinks he's invincible.
I take it back - lil Pete is no chicken after all.
We let him learn through trial and error
He told me he was inspired by the Tiananmen Square protester.
We needed a way to continue natural selection
We needed a way to continue natural selection... We can't have more Arnies' in the community
Looks like Bill is taking his promotion at the bird sanctuary a little too seriously.
Must've been a double-dog dare.
Is that the "little birdie" they are always talking about?
A seeing eye bird?
That's what I'd call 'hunting blind.'
He used to work in a mine, but decided decoy work was safer.
He's an awesome failure as a birdwatcher.
cheeky, deliberate, delightful..... but yet I'm still left with this lingering sense of despair.
I guess you're not being paranoid; he IS targeting us specifically.
Are you sure he really understood that whole '...keep your enemies closer' concept?
I gotta give it to your sister: she's outgunned us again.
Tweet that.
Second Amendment? Really? You're going to tell me about the Second Amendment?
Uh oh...Tweddy's turned into the wind and you know what that means.
All clear. No sign of Dick Chaney.
Wonder what that's worth..
"One of these days, Harold's going to go too far".
Don’ thirstbucket Berd, she ratchet, na’ mean?
Always has to learn the hard way...
When I told him to be a lookout, that's not what I had in mind.
I see Tweety is riding shotgun again.
I better tweet.
She was always sympathetic for their cause.
Just his bad luck we are the two in the bush.
I just can't get behind his lax stance on gun control.
I still think military school was a bad idea
I'd say he's fallen pretty far from the tree ...
I told him "youth is wasted on the gun"
Better to be two in the bush.
I was leery of hiring Robin as our courier, but I never dreamed he'd become a stool pigeon.
She always ends up with the bad boys.
So, it is true. The NRA is for the birds.
I didn't even know Ann Coulter had died.
He always was a bit flighty.
Incredible he is able no make that hunter to walk backwards.
Thank goodness a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
There goes Aloysius with his puckish wit again. Still, it beats being under the gun.
Summertime,and the livin' is easy
That is one bird in the hand that is absolutely not worth two in the bush!!!!
It's OK. He's a service animal.
With Uber, you just never know.
'That's a new way to ride shotgun."
Look who's feathering his nest,
Bad spot for a nest.
There goes Merv, proving there's no magic bullet for stupidity.
She's either a fool or a genius.
Act I. Arms and a man Act II. To coo and to woo
There he goes again, jumping the gun.
He thinks he's a real bad ass, but pheasant hunting season ended two weeks ago.
It makes them both feel macho.
Apparently the DoDo bird isn't extinct.
He was left over from Christmas, but his luck is about to end.
Hard to believe, but that guy's deadly with a fishing rod.
Thinks he's safe, but never saw Dick Cheney hunt.
I hope that means a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
Are you live tweeting this?
Now mother, we have to let him make his own mistakes.
I'm thrilled he knows we're out of season.
Is this your first trip to Switzerland?
He'll be tweeting about this all week.
He is getting too smart for his own good , that boy of yours !
So close, yet so far.
He may have the right to bear arms but he doesn't look like he's part of a well regulated Militia to me.
It's no surprise... all of her tweets support the NRA
This is all because we saw "Hamilton" when we flew to New York last week.
That fake Hunter cut out doesn't even fool junior.
Apparently, she's a daughter of a gun.
Sometimes I wonder if young Johnny is a real bird brain.
First, he tweeps. As the hunter turns and shoots toward us, we escape. Soon, ammunition runs out, and we are safe.
He just hasn't been the same since the migration over the NRA convention
We have to address Bobby's impulse control.
You wanna tell him, or shall I.
No, he's not stupid; he's just a little cuckoo.
I've heard of symbiotic relationships but that's just a plain death wish.
I hope Uncle Eddy feels better about his manhood.
Boston is such an adventurous young bird, just like I was.
Not to worry, he's hunting wabbits.
Careful, Maude, that canary sings like a stool pigeon.
Something about the statues in this park just doesn't seem right.
I don't know, Maude. We knew he was different when he was in the nest, but somehow I didn't expect him to be THAT different!
As long as he doesn't get in front of it he should be safe.
OK, stop me if you have heard this one before.
...Don't worry...she'll soon fill out if she keeps it up...
He is obsessed with shooting a birdie. He wants to get a hole in one.
I need you to look alive when you take the stand.
The best defense is a good offense.
He lost the bet.
Thank God! A bird on the gun is worth two on the bush.
She's a spy.
Well, it's what you call the cat bird seat.
It really is the safest place to perch.
Well, it is an elegant theory.
I'm not sure encouraging his inner bird was such a good idea.
Looks like Grace forgot to take her meds again.
It's not the grandstanding but the tweeting about it that gets me.
Safest place to be!
Tim's always got to jump the gun.
I told him to lay off the pot suet cakes.
Looks like the dove's making progress.
Isn't that your nephew.....the lazy one who he hates to flap his wings!
Maybe we raised him to be a little too trusting.
Imbedded. But starting to go soft on them.
Brilliant! He's hiding in plain gun-sight.
Miranda always had a thing for old coots.
Nothing like having good hindsight!
It's a changing world, Mildred.
Nuts . . . We forgot to caution our naive new flyer about some real flight risks!
Hunters are basically so stupid.
I told him the gun would just get stolen.
That's what you call going out on a limb.
An endangered species classification changes everything.
Do you think we should call that idiot songbird over here?
They met at a Trump rally. She's always making choices against her own self-interest.
I never imagined our son would become a hawk.
You've got to admire his beakmanship.
Who's the bigger birdbrain?
I blame the video games.
It looks like Blinky forgot his contacts again.
Best seat in the house.
The schedule isn't always convenient, but its cheaper than flying
I wonder if Mr. Sunshine over there knows his perch is loaded?
He's like a Kapo for birds
Perhaps home-schooling is not your forte.
Who taught him how to ride shotgun?
He's definitely not worth more than us.
I agree. An impetuous tweet can really backfire.
Well, if a mosquito can bite a bat.
He's a Yellow-Breasted Warner. The idiot with the gun can't hear him, but we can.
Decoy!
Seriously life does begin at the END of the comfort zone and the end is like half a inch long.
Damn. Fred always gets to ride shotgun!
We taught her well about turning an enemy into a friend.
Well, you know what they say, you only live once.
Standing tall and proud...since 1981
You can get away with that if you're a sparrow.
I think Julian's fear of flying has gone too far.
She's just looking out for herself.
I don't know...it looks like a red herring to me.
Oh, we've got to Tweet this.
The smart money says 5-to-3 on the chick.
I've been worried about Bob since he attended that Bernie rally.
He's safe as long as he can hang on.
Not exactly a bird in hand but I think we might be safe.
He's not scared. He keeps walking like nothings following him.
I thought his bird call sounded too good to be true.
You might try on top of his hat.
He's either a decoy or deeply disturbed.
We always knew he was a son of a gun!
It is and it isn't what it is.
``There's no precedent. It's downright visionary.''
Wow, two birds and one stoned.
He finally found a way to be "Top Gun".
Her parents were killed in a tragic hunting accident and they've been inseparable ever since.
Hunter Bob spins really fast once Tweeter starts his quail calls.
Don't worry. We can let him know later.
Bets on which one figures it out first?
His wife left because he was shooting blanks
Look ! He's riding shotgun!
must be a love/hate thing
C'mon - you think a bird on a rifle is really worth more than two in the bush?
Should we tell him his grandfather really didn't perch on a pirate's shoulder?
It's a surefire if he misses us!
I call shotgun next.
Experience aside, I just don't trust her.
It's audacious. I'll give him that.
I think we are safe.
Blue-collared canaries always will vote against their own interests...
Well we always told him to keep his friends close and his enemies closer.
Well, that's s first. A hunter walking backwards.
Her ancestors came from Woodstock, but now she lobbies for the NRA.
Yeah, he grew up in a museum
Poor guy. I heard the ex-wife got the kids and the perch.
As long as I've known him, he's never had any BQ.
I've never thought of doing that...
Riding shotgun is for the birds.
Now are you convinced our son is on drugs?
I know he wanted to get rid of his cold feet problem, but this is ridiculous.
Bridging the worth gap's gonna be a long shot, thanks to elitist chicks like that.
His father taught him, "Keep your friend close and your enemies closer."
You think that's brave do you. Watch me land on his hat.
Just remember, Cub Scouts was your idea!
He's cheaper than a Labrador and works for peanuts, but to me he's still a traitor.
Cocky renegade
I've heard of keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but this is ridiculous.
Relax. He's convinced a bird on the barrel is worth two in the bush.
We really need to get glasses for Junior!
Two pheasants watch with trepidation from the bush while a brazen songbird mocks proverbial fate.
That little, no-good whistling Quisling!
Yeah, that Underwear guy did it during his Flannel period.
I'd say he has it "in site".
Report back to HQ that our "Little Birdie" is in.
"Look Charlie has finally been accepted as a member of the NRA #2
Sweetie, we might be empty nesters sooner than we thought.
no, the mustache is real
I knew Dan was voting Republican, but this is ridiculous.
This is what happens when they spend all day in a virtual world.
I can see you didn't tell him about the downside of the birds and the bees
Do you think he had to join the NRA?
Yep, Fred found the safest place.
If you believe that song he is singing, I have a fence on the Mexican border you can sit on.
We're in trouble. He's got that new-fangled sight.
At first I thought it was a Stool Pigeon.
Do you think our scout may have made a deal with the enemy?
At least he's without a stone
she volunteered to be the decoy!
You guys take the bush. I'll take the barrel.
Speaking of a shotgun marriage.
The 'Rugged and Outdoors' Father's Day kit was a big seller this season.
He claims to be a bird-watcher.
There goes that guy who always has a chirp on his shoulder.
But what if the bird isn't actually in the hand?
I'm no Sibley, but I think it's a Quisling.
They deserve each other.
Look at our little son on a gun!
He may be early but he'll never see the worm.
A bird on the gun beats two in the bush.
They radicalized him, don't tell Mom.
Should we tweet?
Conscientious Objector
Say what you like, but he really puts his money where his mouth is when it comes to Second Amendment rights.
Always grabs the safest spot for himself.
You think we should tell him?" "Naw, I get his nest in the will
I hope that's the twitter bird Larry.
" That old saying about hiding in plan sight only works when the hunter is nearsighted".
let's go land on his head
The new silent-alarm canary is really hard to hear.
Tweety knows no fear.
Ten more seconds on that thing and we have a new champion.
There goes Bernie again.
He's got student loans
He just has no foresight!
So, this is why he tweeted "pirch'n a smok'n hottie"
We may not have covered every single thing before pushing him out of the nest..
I don't expect many more tweets from him.
I've got a good one for you - are we birds or what?!
He's watched too many Bugs Bunny cartoons.
The kids are playing chicken again.
He didn't make the 74 IQ cut for NRA membership.
It's the bluebird of political incorrectness.
I see Fred's got him out and about with his spear and magic helmet again.
On the way to Sunday dinner - doesn't realize bird is on the menu.
Don't be fooled. He does want two in the bush.
The early bird gets to live
Hey look, Janie's got a gun!
One smart bird.
No telling what some will do for a free ride.
I'm pretty sure that's a Mockingbird.
He has the cutest Tweets.
They met when he was skydiving over Yellowstone. They share a love of danger.
I'd say that's taking the expression "keeping your enemies closer" a little too far.
Hide in plain sight always works
Look Marge, Tweetledumb is hunting for Tweetledee again.
..and this is a textbook case of natural selection in the wild...
Call it art.
I told him Trump won New York
Yes, but so last season.
That little twerp always calls shotty.
And as the young dove's parents looked on, they thought to themselves "it's just a phase."
The man still hasn't realized he can't actually whistle.
He's worth as much as both of us put together.
Guns don't kill birds.
I wonder who won the caption contest
Oh that kid of yours, thinks he is a son-of-a-gun
Not a peep
Lucky he's in his blind spot.
Holden Caulfield and the Blue Bird of Happiness; how prosaic.
He is using her as a shill !
He always was unflappable.
I think he’s about to send his last tweet.
That's no squab -- that's a scab.
Elmer Fudd back at it!
His NRA membership had lapsed.
Looks like he has developed Stockholm Syndrome.
And they wonder why neither of them can find a mate.
Appears as if the NRA has brainwashed our little birdbrain.
Just because he saw Peter and the Wolf, he thinks every hunter is his friend
Always was a Republican
I suppose a bird on the rifle is worth...
Interesting test case for Darwinian principles, one way or another.
Tch... another adrenaline junky.
Now watch, he's about to fire off another tweet.
This life is for the birds.
He's been riding shotgun since the day he could chirp.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel
Hey, Dufus! It still looks like a rifle!
Whose the show off riding shotgun
My compliments. He's your most lifelike decoy yet.
Rumor has it that she's a double agent.
Yes, I agree- the spitting image of American politics.
Two in the bush is definitely worth more than one on the barrel.
It's an OK job, but it's stressful knowing you could be discharged at any time.
Young and foolish, just like her mother
Obviously cuckoo
He's always lived dangerously!
He's a chutzparrot.
Nightingale of The Hunter
Earl is depressed again.
They exchanged tweets!
He always had a thing for being the bad ass renegade.
You can see it dripping off of the barrell -- providing yet another meaning for the term bird-shot.
We must teach her to never accept free rides from strangers.
At least he's one of us.
You want to tweet him?
Which one do you think is going to be more surprised?
Good thing he tweeted.
Sometime in life it's who you know that counts.
I heard he promised her a cage made of gold.
Bird #1: Hey who's that with the human? Bird #2: Idk but stay away from him he doesn't look like he's on our side.
Well, that should end the speculating over how they achieved their endangered species status.
How is she is like a canary in a coal mine?
Looks like we're safe. He can't see the pheasant through the geese.
I guess we should tell him rabbit season ended yesterday.
"That's why we're called mockingbirds." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
Cheeky mockingbird.
I tried to tell her that the whole "bird in the hand" thing wasn't about her own self-worth.
He only hunts Wabbits
Stay close to your friends...but stay closer to your enemies.
She always did try to lord her position over everyone.
Just stay quiet. I think we're gonna be okay with this guy.
He doesn't know what upland game means yet.
See that? Classic example of Stockholm Syndrome.
I don't know about you, but I feel as if the two us would be a lot safer if that one was actually in his hand.
They've agreed to disagree.
Hope he doesn't take a cheep shot.
The hunter thing is a total chick magnet
Maybe he gets tweets about our location
"It's my fault, I never should have told him he was a son of a gun".
She is safe on that perch.
This live tweet is going to end with a bang.
She finds a new guy and doesn't even call us anymore
It's worth going out on a limb for her.
I told you to get his eyes checked!
He's got to learn to fly some day.
It kind of explains why both of them are endangered species.
Birdbrain, or the unexpected dishonor of ignorance.
I always thought that Tweety was a stool pigeon.
Louise has no sense of danger.
So that's what they mean by 'carrying a cocked gun'
She had better poop.
She's there for comic relief.
I wonder which bird-brain will turn around first...
It's Dick Cheney again.
He knows...keep your enemies closer.
I'm afraid Jack has turned into a bit of a daredevil since that Sanders stunt of his.
Ugh, but he always gets to ride shotgun!
He'll be signing a different tune if that farmer ever turns around.
I told you he was a moron. He thinks that's a branch.
I've told him more than once--ever since we moved to Wyoming his go-to strategy no longer qualifies as foolproof.
He is . . . The Most Interesting Bird in the World.
Ignorance really is bliss.
I can't believe Steve went through with the dare
It's a drone.
He hasn't been the same since his dog left him.
You had to argue with him again, didn't you.
How does that saying go again?
He says that a no-fly zone is the only way to keep us alive in our homeland.
I and love and U.
I hope his new front gun-sight likes us...
He makes one Presidential rally cameo and now thinks he can do anything.
I see Frank's been working through his trust issues.
He used to be a fishing guide.
testing the speed of evolution
Hard to believe anyone is going to find this funny!
Is one on the barrel worth two in the bush?
#1 Say what you will about him, Tweety ain't afraid of much. #2 I hear it's the latest kind of peep sight. #3 Word has it he also collects hood ornaments. Go figure. #4 Fudd ain't been the same since his wife went veegan. THE END
Don't look now but I think we have a traitor." "Gee Carl, that's downright unpheasant.
She was raised by cats...
I will bet you five dollars that Charlie he won't make it to the end of the season.
I didn't know Fred was a Republican
In this case, I'm inclined to think that two in the bush are better.
Should we tell him it's not a tree?
Teenagers
Apparently it's a performance art piece.
Think he'll regret calling "Shotgun!"?
They call it 'gun control.'
He just kept chirping on and on about some "Tiananmen Square."
He's much nicer since he's gone vegan.
Don't worry. At that range, no gun can hit Chick.
That's the last time Ned gets to ride shotgun.
No, you tell him NRA doesn't mean National Robin Association!
It's not a bird dog. It's a bird bird.
Wow! Talk about hiding in plain sight.
We'd get more members if we eased off on the hazing.
High tweeson.
I believe our child is turning into an adrenaline junkie.
Jeez. And I thought Fudd didn't have a clue.
Wait til you see his dismount!
She's an avid Bernie supporter.
That's what I call genuine sangfroid.
Did you know some people don't believe in Darwin?
Now that's how you live on the edge.
She’s practicing riding shotgun for when we fly south.
It's not clear which is actually the decoy.....
He's gun-shy. That's his new therapist.
A bird on the barrel ain't as good as one on the butt.
If he says he's a bird of fight, I guess we have to believe him.
His Father was a stool pigeon!
He's our resident canary.
He inherited that thrill-seeker gene from his father, may he rest in peace.
She's been such a show off since she lost the weight.
He is trying to curry favor! I think, though, he will soon be curried flavor.
Great camouflage! You can hardly even see the guy with the gun.
Tweety Gandhi has his own approach.
Believe it or not, he is a sitting duck.
She heard about 'Hispanics for Trump' and wanted to give the concept a try.
" I've seen this before: rich guy, young chick".
Why would he attach that to his gun? I'm gonna go in for a closer look.
It's wabbit season.
Junior is taking bird dog to a new level.
He subscribes to the practice of hiding in plain sight.
She was inspired by that guy in Tiananmem Square.
He's taking his stand on guns a little too far this time.
Her tweets could kill.
I completely get it. Flying isn't as much fun as it used to be.
My son is no genius but always finds friends that make him seem smart.
Keep your friends close , and the NRA closer.
I think she's drunk.
It always amazes me that I have friends in the NRA.
Didn't I say that you couldn't trust that little tweet?
Is he loaded?
It's always been an odd relationship.
I think we can stop worrying about his college fund.
Does this make us bad parents?
IT'S IN HIS NRA
Talk about endangered species!
Who knew she was a hawk on the Second Amendment?
He's a pilot fish.
Let's face it. They're both oblivious.
It's a hunter's twitter.
He's never been clear on the decoy concept.
Bertie, do you think he knows that we've got him surrounded?
Interesting camouflage.
Looks like we lost another to the NR A.
Somehow... its a symbiotic relationship
He reminds me of your brother Carl. They say he tasted just like chicken.
A robin on the gun is worth more than two pheasants in the bush!
I'm glad we're the two in the bush.
How about an open season on dumb-ass White Breasted Nuthatches?
??"Don't worry about a thing. 'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!"??
I don't think Edward is clear on the concept of bird hunting.
He'll see us in a moment. I hope he's not a stool pigeon!
Our little girl's giving a whole new meaning to "riding shotgun!"
That's not what I meant by 'Keep your enemies close.'
Our son has become a "Bernie Bro".
I think we need to get ourselves a new lookout...
phoebe always did have two right wings.
I can't tell if that's Lucy or a decoy.
Doesn't surprise me. He's a strict Constitutionalist.
I told you we never should have named him Aaron Bird.
Great, now we'll get a thousand tweets telling us what an idiot he is.
Australians call it a riflebird. Americans know it as trumpery.
He's really rather harmless. In his mind he's guarding Buckingham Palace.
I called shotgun on the way back.
Canaries are brave. Not very bright, but brave.
Comforting? It's just NRA propaganda.
Now I know where the word "birdbrain" came from.
One day it will all backfire on him.
Little Tweetie just loves living on the edge, doesn't he?
I think this is the longest Kyle's gone without tweeting.
He's riding shotgun again!
Lay low- he's not technically in-hand.
Talk about flying high on the hunter's spike!
Tom! Tweet twice if you're being kidnapped!
I love it when Chuck plays chicken.
I don't have the heart to tell him it's not Bernie
The rifle's a bluff. He only hunts for worms.
He's been showing off ever since he landed on Bernie's podium.
Only in Portland...
He's riding birdshot.
His representing us doesn't make his outlook insight.
The hunter's looking to find birds to kill, and we're the ones with the "bird brains.
I think she will come to regret relying on the old bird-in-the-hand cliché.
I hear he's getting paid peanuts.
Look dear, our Tweety is riding shotgun again with Farmer Jones.
It's obvious--it's a decoy
Everyone nowadays is watching for humans
It's the latest wrinkle on eco-tourism.
You have to assume that hunters in the dodo bird era were a tad sharper.
Look's like he's using birdshot.
Ain't he just the cock of the walk?
Our tweety's riding shotgun.
I know it's politically incorrect to say it, but she is such a birdbrain.
She's doing a good job keeping just under his nozzle...
Oh crap, a canary.
The guy's quasi-logical assumption that "arm" is an extension of "hand" is sweet enough, but the bird's subtle mocking jauntiness MAKES IT!
It's so sad, all her affairs seem to end badly.
Based on his latest tweet, I think it's time we stop following him.
He's not really a hunter--that's an early warning system.
I have been warning Simon about hitchhiking for years.
That's one ballsy bird.
How many birds in the bush are worth a bird on a barrel?
That's why we call him Robin the Boy Wonder.
That fine line between brave and stupid- does it give you grouse pimples?
"He always wanted to be a BIG SHOT
I think our son needs a second.
He's actually a double agent.
Larry's the best dog bird around.
That's the type of guy we can put up with.
That one looks like he is a few bullets shy of a full load.
Posttraumatic stress from a long career as coal mine canary.
That's the latest Tweet from the NRA
He's been this way since high school.
Decoy or scout?
It's one of those new sights that gives you a bird's eye view.
i guess that's what they call a "peep sight".
I'll bet you twenty seeds he's a double agent.
is that a tweet or a retreat?
I've heard you can take the forrest out of the fool, but ...
Does he really think he can fool us with that thing just because Charlie fell for the inflatable arm flailing tube man last week?
These crazy kids nowadays. They call it a 'perch-in.'
-Do you think it's armed and loaded? -Not sure...but I hope the swallow is.
I always knew Tony was a stool pigeon.
You know, Chirpee always has Elmer's back.
I refuse to be his dinner! When Junior signals 'all clear,' grab his gun and shoot the old foggy dead!
If you ask me, they're both birdbrains.
Go Lardy, guard the gun!
I'll get the Quisling, you get the hat.
How does he keep passing the background checks? Wait, what background checks?
Be still! Ol' Grimsby's got a Snitch.
We really have raised him to be bold, but this seems quite heedless
That's a hunting dog bird.
Teach her not to loose sight of danger and look what she becomes.
"I hear she left a bald eagle for him".
Two in the bush are worth more than one near the hand.
Now that's foul!
I'd be impressed if we were even in season.
That reminds me, I need to check my Twitter feed.
Definitely a Butterbutt
Looks like she's riding shotgun.
He's a spotter.
Its called "chutzpah."
I did't think he would take the bet
We may found out now whether she's really worth the two of us combined.
We must be in 'Portlandia.'
See, I told you Larry got dropped on his head as a chick.
That ''Look at the birdie'' trick won't work on me.
I don't actually think it has anything to do with hunting anymore
better than being a hood ornament
I hope Bambi doesn't fall for this.
She's a strict constructionist. She took a job as a lobbyist for the NRA.
At least now we know who's the double agent!
It's so gauche how that breed tries to flaunt its relationships.
This is even more irresponsible than his catsurfing.
Don't talk. He's trained his parakeet to listen for our calls.
You ever ride shot-gun, Earl?
She always insists on riding shotgun.
Now that's wht I call the catbird seat!
Baby Phoebe is so smart. Just three weeks old and already knows how to stay safe."
I bet him he wouldn't do it and now I have to pay up. It seems he's got me over a barrel."
Larry likes to live on the edge.
I always suspected that Sparrow boy was hanging with the wrong crowd--there's the smoking gun!
You're right -- that's no pigeon and that ain't no stool, but ...
I knew this day would come Maribel. He's gone to the other side. Not even he thinks Bernie can win anymore.
He notifies next of kin.
A bird on the barrel is worth two snickering at you in the bush.
It looks like Harold got the new peep site position.
He thinks the guy is Elmer Fudd.
I think we should let Petey know the guy's not a worm hunter.
That's not chutzpah, that's cojones!
As you said before, not every kernel pops.
He's sure to get a lot of tweets, though.
It's called riding shotgun.
Lord what fools these mortals be.
If you think about it, that is actually the safest place to be.
He was always a social climber
Elmer just isn't the same since that silly rabbit left.
Suck up.
I think we're ok.
Now he's just showing off
One, maybe two, more solid pecks and "Jackhammer Ralph" should have that front sight misaligned.
As long as he keeps quiet, hiding in plain sight could work.
Look whose singing praises about the 2nd amendment.
That is not our son, look at the dull plumage.
He must sure feel that he's a big shot
You know what they say, "A bird on a gun is dumber than two in the bush".
It's what they call a 'decoy' bird
Ballsy perch, eh?
Do you think Billy can pile it high enough?
Looks like somebody cut himself a deal.
I’d say he’s worth maybe one and a half.
He said he'll blow it up on Twitter.
He literally has a birds eye view.
He called it.
...got chutzpah?
Can’t decide which one is dumber.
He clearly needs a refresher on how to use decoys.
He's got him on his sights
She constantly tweets about the glory days of the Overland Stage.
He's always tweeting about the Second Amendment!
There's just no respect for traditional imprinting anymore.
Sure it's foolish, but everytime he pulls one of these stunts the twitter sphere goes nuts!
This pretty much ends our reconciliation.
He's game, I'll give him that.
I don't care if he identifies as human, Eggbert, he's still my baby bird.
Worst. Hunter. Ever.
What kind of idiot pigeons would name their kid "Clay"?
I keep telling him it's time for contact lenses.
Yeah, right, a bird on the barrel beats two in the bush—but doesn’t that guy look like Mark Twain?
Didn't you have the talk with Phoenix about stranger danger?
He's the smartest and safest bird in the forest.
If they both had half a brain they'd be twice as dangerous.
It's the honorable thing.
I guess we do have tiny brains.
Ever since he landed on Bernie Sander's podium, he thinks he can land anywhere he wants!
Doesn't taste like chicken, and very bony. He's safe.
Oh look hun! It's the endangered Spotted Hunter Taunter!
It's the art of war my friend.
Camouflage.
I TOLD you that our son needs glasses!
We should teach him the meaning of a bird's eye view.
Well, he did call it.
He called it first.
Two in the bush, that's my strategy. Always stick with two in the bush.
I always thought there was something different about that bird.
Birdie Sanders seems to be changing his tone.
Even kids get it, BIRD LIVES MATTER.
My sense of worth is halved every time I see him.
It's not quite, " a bird in the hand" but it's close enough for me.
Tom lands on one podium one time and thinks he invincible.
I always knew she'd sing like a canary.
Stupid bet. Soon as he looks down that barrel, we lose our entire stash of crumbs.
This is going south real quick.
He can’t help it—he’s a little cuckoo.
He's a dead duck.
Over a barrel or out on a limb--which one takes more pluck?
It's only temporary. Hallelujah bye and bye, he'll fly away.
Appears to be imitating the posture of Johnny Carson
Almost makes you rethink opposition to the 2nd Amendment.
Et tu, Tweety?
Look at those pair of tits, Gerald.
They call it a 'shotgun roost.' They're all the rage in New Orleans.
I suppose you could say he has a bird's eye view.
His last tweet was was against gun control.
A pilot bird. They never go extinct.
Shhh! Don't make a chirp; he could be a decoy.
No wonder they're called mockingbirds.
We can only hope this "keep your friends close and your enemies closer" thing works out for Freddie.
I think that's what's meant by 'Taking the cat bird seat.'
Ah, dramatic irony.
That's why I gave up internet dating.
Let's hope he worth two in the bush
What do you think he's worth?
Glad to see he's putting all that unpheasantness behind him.
Look it's a wrongbird
He wasn't like this before those jays moved into the neighborhood.
I dared him to do it.
Ernie has always scraped the bottom of the barrel.
We don't beat those three french hens out there; let's just say 'it's hunting season'
Better than working the coal mines.
He insulted his mother.
ReTWEET #birdonbarrel.
I think it's known as a peep sight.
Carol's youngest son joined a radical bird-spy organization.
He thinks he's on Duck Dynasty.
Well, he did call it first.
I hear he's got his own bird bath.
Our kid is bird-brained
He'll do anything to avoid flying south for the winter.
Clearly a Sanders supporter.
Ted's our best intelligence guy; tweets from behind enemy lines.
Apparently, he read somewhere it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
He says he's exercising his Second Amendment rights.
His tweets are so outrageous his enemies can't resist listening to them.
Not a sight and not a decoy. We got a hiker here.
She could've picked any branch on any tree ... but no - not my daughter!
Now that's what I call a well-regulated militia.
Hang on. Something about that branch is rubbing me the wrong way.
They met wintering in Florida.
Wonder which one's real?
We're safe here. Stanley is no stool pigeon.
The kid always shows off when he knows Elmer is out of ammo.
I can't watch anymore of this unmindfulness Carl.
Jerry's a staunch supporter of the second amendment.
Hey bud, do you think he changed hobbies yet?
He's seriously worth two of us?
Her song is beautiful enough to soothe the savage breast.
I hate it when they fight.
He joined the NRA.
Ever since they exchanged tweets, she's had his back.
Of course it's deadly, but it makes a great mobile perch!
You know, he's lasted this long, maybe he's onto something. Shall we?
Johnny was always a maverick.
Classic size envy.
Do you think this silly bird is trying to disguise the haunter by pretending to be in his riffle like us in a tree branch? Well, probably that silly bird can have more possibility to survive than us.
Riding shotgun must be thrilling.
Hiding in plain sight... why didn't we think of that?
Looks like the NRA is trying to soften its image!
It looks like Tweety has joined the enemy as an observer.
They exchanged tweets and have followed each other ever since.
That Sanders campaign rally thing really went to his head.
What makes him better?
Here comes a barrel roll. Show-off.
If he gets too close to anybody, she sends out a tweet.
I kept telling him to read that Thomas Frank book.
Ira's last tweet mentioned Stockholm Syndrome ..poor guy.
That chick thinks she's entitled to a free ride.
The kid is hitchhiking again.
It's a new kind of blind.
Hide in plain sight. Brilliant.
The one place he'll never look
He said he wanted to be worth as much as the two of us and then he just flew right out there.
I've heard she's a hunter whisperer.
Now that we're behind enemy lines, we can win this.
They're both in existential crises
I'm content being one of two in the bush.
''He takes after his dad, Tweety Bird.''
Brunch today will be Eggs Benedict Arnold.
Honey, are you sure that marching him off to military school is really the best plan?
Benedict Quailnold.
Our little one...six weeks, and already an activist.
Don't worry! He's on top of it.
He thinks he's Baretta meets Woodstock meets the NRA.
No, I don't think this is how Shelley got the line, 'Hail to thee, blithe spirit!'
''He learned it online.''
Is he still worth two in the bush?
We call it a Scare Hunter - makes other hunters go away.
Some symbiotic relationships just escape me
He's practicing gun control.
A little birdie told me we have nothing to worry about.
I thought we would always be together. And that's not a doorstep.
I hope he doesn't tweet his location.
So what happened to his mate?
Got to tweet this to brother Bernie rel quick: NRA found his podium bird!
At least WE'LL be safe, since we're the 2 in the bush...
Amy's new boyfriend gives me serial killer vibes.
Rookie mistake. Take the gun, leave the canary.
No, look at the mustache - all of the Ubers are switching to Lyft.
Hope he's got more in that rifle than birdshot.
Should we tell him what season it is?
It's more of a political statement.
I hope that counts as a bird in hand.
I've got to stop snacking at that nearby marijuana farm.