She left me for an engine that could.
I just feel there's no light at the end of the tunnel.
No one wants to hire a whistleblower.
We uncoupled.
Sometimes you only think you can.
Just one more until I think I can.
No one cares about MY baggage.
You think *your* life is a train wreck?
50 years ago I could.
It's the end of the line for me.
She said we were moving too fast.
I just can't seem to get back on track.
I can't chug like I used to.
I'm the little engine that could.
I know I can't.
She says I travel too much.
Another? I think I can.
You can't engineer love.
Thomas unfriended me.
And then Mom asked why I couldn't be more like Thomas.
I can't deal with the baggage anymore.
I've gone off the rails.
Sometimes I feel like I'm left pulling all the weight.
Unfortunately, I am the little engine that drank.
How can they say I'm not pulling my own weight?
Compared to Thomas I'm a nobody.
I'll have to pay in bent pennies.
It was all downhill from there.
I miss the bar car, too.
Now I'm gonna tell you the truth about Thomas.
I don't want to seem paranoid, but some cars are following me.
Back then I could.
The first step is thinking you can.
She said she needed much more than my thinking I could.
All I wanted for Christmas was just one small lump of coal.
I thought I was on track for management.
Thinking won't make it so
Then she said I was too predictable.
I thought I could; I did; then - it was all downhill
I hate commuting.
This commute is killing me.
I feel like jumping in front of myself.
No one remembers the little engine that could!
The wagon fell off me.
The conductor left me for younger engine.
Seems like lately I literally cannot even.
All I used get was coal for Christmas.
My father was The Little Engine That Could.
I was built on the wrong side of the tracks!	0.
Turns out I was going in circles the whole time.
They recycled my parents.
I think I can quit.
The CEO's nephew thinks he can too.
And then they all left me!
I could really use a drink.
I can't smoke anywhere these days
She left me for a subway
My caboose just left me.
I'm not crying, I have a leaky air conditioner.
She thinks she can do better.
I drink because I couldn't
I've been replaced by a machine.
I peaked too early.
I think I need a drink.
