Go ahead and shoot, we're all carrying cap guns.
We go through this every Saturday at bath time
The voices in my head are screaming ' Here comes that train again ! '
I lost my train of thought.
Now that you're comfortable with planes and buses, let's try to attack your next phobia.
Dang it, Slim. This posse rocks!
Who said political correctness was boring?
Nate Silver says this train is way ahead of its targets.
What a painful vacation.
For the times a charm's sunset views over the Narrows.
Perhaps reenactment is not the key to insight after all
Prepare to make the jump to lightspeed!
Looks like we're out of time.
'D-Train was my nickname in college.'
Hooray, they stopped - third time lucky.
Rock faster. They're gaining on us!
A blank slate mystifies on Monday-more coffee,please.
Whose idea was it to rob FAO Schwarz?
A coffee table might be nice.
Whiteout!
I told you we should have stolen the Barbie Jeep!
Just relax. You'll like it.
Well heckfire. They're gainin' on us and my gun's outta water.
Is it lightning or transit trains you can only be hit by once? I always get confused.
This should resolve your trust issues once and for all.
We're on the right track for a workman's comp settlement.
Really? Must they do that right here?
Push.
Ok, so this"D" Train will complete the job for us. Cool!
Perhaps we’re using an old timetable.
I like doing slapstick therapy but the group sessions are killing me.
Life was easier before PETA.
#TBT
As crash dummies go, I think we went above and beyond the call of duty.
Thank goodness, this time it's a local and not the express.
That is so last season and that's why I like it.
I feel like our country is on the wrong track.
If you hurt me, i'm telling my mother.
I just find we go faster with the brim up.
I never liked commuting anyway.
no way jose
If at first you don't succeed ...
Relax; the D is always slow.
I don't think we'll ever find closure
What kind of screw-up is this???
They say that the economy is about to collapse......but, we don't have to worry now that we're on disability.
He was asking for it, marshall. Cheats play with weighted marbles.
The payout should be better this time
I gotta find a new hobby horse.
The doctor said we shouldn't move.
I know I'm the one lying on the couch, but I'm not sure if this is how exposure therapy works.
I'm telling you, the C train never comes down this track.
What do YOU think it means that you constantly see "trains moving in tunnels"?
Well, Mr. Smith. This session has come to an end.
At least we have a better sense of how the Republican party feels.
Two polar bears were on an iceberg. One turned on the radio, the other fell off.
I am grateful for a union that is always there to give us a break and not leave us behind.
Where's the @#$&!@!! cartoon?
I must have missed the memo!
I am not drunk, the horse is.
Republican health care!
"I told you that we should have taken the "A" Train!
They said "traction," not "track-shun"!
So, in your dream, you say the light at the end of the tunnel turned out to be what?
I told you it was the 'quiet ride' car!
This train delay is really making me rethink this suicide.
Looks like we're about to get another ambulance ride.
I'm just trying to make meaning from experience.
I know it doesn't feel like progress, but I feel like we're very close to getting you over this whole "fear of trains" thing.
I thought I could. I did too!
How many entrances does the afterlife have again?
I didn't realize how painful it would be to confront my fears head-on.
You thought the last session was depressing.
Virtual reality - is that what the kids are calling it these days?
that's the last time I buy "baggage class"!!!
When's your office remodel supposed to be finished?
Third time could be lucky.
This is still better than being in there.
Well, Tom, I think we agree there is no better way to destroy a train of thought."
. . . HR said the company had a new fast-track accident recovery plan . . .
I think we would be happier if we lived on the wrong side of the tracks.
My agent assured me this is our new health provider office.
There aren't many lifetime jobs like this around anymore.
I'm telling you based on the law of averages it will never happen again.
I've decided cognitive therapy is probably the way to go
Pre-existing conditions will not prevent us from winning a lawsuit. Or they won't prevent us from getting health insurance? Obama has made it all so complicated.
Our ambulance chaser will be here momentarily on E.
Are you sure this is the train that goes to the hospital?
Maybe we’re using an outdated timetable.
Doc, exposure therapy should result in physical therapy.
How many times do I need to tell you? Just don't touch the third rail and you'll be fine!
The D train's killing me.
Wouldn't my siderodromophobia be best cured from inside the train, doc?
You're right. It's a lot less scary with insurance.
This is cheaper than my HMO.
I don't think is what they had in mind when they said "Sit back and relax!"
WE"RE ACCIDENT RESULTS WAITING TO HAPPEN.
'The lower cost of underground psychotherapy is a result of increased risk."
Did you tell the conductor to stop the train at 59th Street?
I thought Rx stood for Railroad crossing!
They call it trainspotting, up close and personal.
I told you, the Drumpf train would be worse.
Don't worry, it is only the D train, and a woman is driving, the R will be along shortly.
Was this your first subway mugging?
I hear this hospital has really sped up its admitting process.
Ever hear the one about putting the cart before the horse?
I am depressed that this is our last session.
I miss the days when we used to catch ambulances.
It's a good training.
I''ll take my chances with the jury.
I'm 99% sure it's traveling away from us this time.
It's never as bad as you remember.
The fourth train's the charm.
In our next session we'll confront your fear of snakes.
Not again!
Don't worry, it's about to tip over.
Trust me, by now we should be immune to collisions.
What's Clark Kent doing differently that we're not???
I told you we should have read the fine print before signing up for Obamacare!
There has to be a better way to get our lives back on track
I'm starting to believe our wives are trying to kill us.
I don't think we are on track to fully recover.
It's as if I was on the subway tracks with a train coming right at me. So, how does that make you feel? Don't worry doc, it'll all be over soon.
It appears our time is up.
Fool me once, shame on me; fool me twice...
Facing fears is important.
I feel your rat anxiety has subsided.
So, you're saying the key to accelerated rehabilitation is motivation?
I'm beginning to think there are more practical ways to address this particular phobia.
Well look who comes crawling back.
"Sorry we're on break,don't blame us for your troubles".
I was rejected for permanent disability the first time, but I think it'll go through real soon.
Don't worry, it's the D train. We still have an eternity.
You know Frank. This didn't work out too well the first time so explain to me why we're doing it again.
Are you sure this makes us stronger?
I'm still not over my fear of trains.
Well, here's hoping the express packs more of a punch than the local.
Sure, brake testing is dangerous but you can't get better health benefits.
Maybe this time it will finish the job
Management wants us to reenact it.
No, really, we have to stop meeting like this.
We ought to think about homesteading somewhere else.
I'd welcome the other side of the tracks.
Your mother hated you.
Maybe this transporting idea wasn't very good after all.
I remember when rail transport didn't cost an arm and a leg.
I was gonna give you a blanket now, but I guess I'll cover my tracks later.
Not many couples showed up for the Double-Double Indemity party.
I just don't know if people outside of New York can relate to this.
Call it a hunch, but I think our doctor might not have the proper training.
This is going to cost us an arm and a leg!
I'm Jake. From State Farm.
We should have voted for Frank Underwood.
Rent in Manhattan costs an arm and a leg.
My former shrink loved to have sessions on skyscraper ledges.
This commute is killing me.
They'll start stopping, trust me.
We should've waited for the express.
I hope Obama Care covers train wrecks.
Are you sure this time the emergency brake system is set?
What did you expect? The ad said, I was a trained therapist!
So this is New York's version of that Oergon law?
Like you said---the D stands for Dare.
This could go one of two ways.
Well this time I'm not moving until I see a really good reason to!
So I says to Bob, I says, "I've already survived a plane crash, a motorcycle wipeout and a house fire. How much worse could things get?"
De train, the train, tomato, tomahto.
Same time next week, but maybe a different location?
I'll just keep trying to kill myself, if I can't win the the New Yorker caption contest.
I told you this wasn't the High Line.
Glad to see that my life is right on track.
Can't afford to move. We're broke.
Do you get the feeling we've reached the end of the line?
Have you overcome your fear of train tracks yet?
"I say dear fellow, don't touch the third rail.
You wanted to go to a Yankee game, and the online ad said this place on the D line.
If this doesn't work, I say let's give the George Washington Bridge another try.
Don't worry - this time we're gonna D-rail that guy.
True, 'breezy' was a little misleading. But you have to admit the rent is cheap.
Doc, I have just one leg to give.
Did your attorney explain how this would all play out?
Unlike me, you didn't get unparalleled treatment...that staff had no training whatsoever.
Our new vacation policy really hurts.
I figure this will finally get me above my deductible.
Living near the subway isn't what it's cracked up to be.
I don't care if it is rent controlled, its' time to move.
Trump promised no one would die sitting in the middle of the street.
If this doesn't cure you of your fear of trains, I don't know what will.
What's the definition of insanity again?
On the bright side, I've already met my insurance deductible.
We're safe here. The 'D' train never backs up.
At least the government was kind enough to deliver us here.
I've decided to give my boss a piece of my mind...
You were right, the D train does smell kinda off.
Yes. 'D Train' is coming. Ho ho. How clever... Now I know why you were expelled from The Union Club.
It DOES remind me of The Little Engine That Could!
Yes, getting a free ride into the city saves money, but couldn't we just take a cab once in a while?
As I cautioned in our last session, that can be a dangerous train of thought to follow.
Being an immigrant sucks
Ralph, why do you always get me in these situations?
What the hell? Yeah, I'll give you a refund if this doesn't work!
The vibration relieves the itching.
Do you think our YouTube video of this will get one million hits?
No lost time accidents with this railroad.
Trump won't win.
Still hurts less than the Trump Train.
Lets explore your "impending sense of doom"... again.
We should jay walk during rush hour again. That was fun.
We'd better go. I hear this is Snidely Whiplash's train.
What does "a hair of the dog that bit you" mean anyway?
Life's ten percent training and eighty percent toughness.
Its like i said, Frank. 'Lay down on the couch and I'll show you my big D.
Now that's how fast the healthcare should be!
Don't worry, it's never on time.
Why did I procrastinate on my suicide note?
I told you this was the one without the "disabled passenger " car.
Beats workin!
We should probably call off this experiment.
I don't know about this work hardening program they're putting us through.
Well, on the bright side, I've already met my deductible.
Aversion therapy is incredibly relaxing.
Shall we order takeout?
I don't know, doc. It just feels like I'm on track for disaster.
If we survive this one, we get into the Guiness Book of Records.
When will the renovations to your office be completed?
I've been feeling so run down lately.
I told the ambulance driver that I won't be able to train for a while! I'm not sure he understood!
Just when I thought the MTA could not be a more painful experience
I hate playing the same track over and over.
Just relax, Frank; nobody is ignoring our claim this time.
See you on the other side of the tracks.
Again, sometimes a train is just a train.
Well, lookie there, the D train is right on time.
I hope this finally disproves your fear that the express is faster than the local.
We'll show them March Madness.
I told you we'd catch some breaks.
I guess that grateful dead song was more than just a warning.
Is this hallucination as bad as the 2 line to the Bronx?
I never can remember which train is local and which is express.
Yeah, but this way we are not violating anyone's religious liberties.
I hear the drivers will meet the track workers soon to go over our complaint.
Are you sure we picked the right injuries for this?
Now if my calculations are correct the backing up of this train should reverse our injuries that we suffered yesterday.
Now we know what the D stands for.
Why yes, I do hear a speeding train.
I think I just saw a rat!
You see, doc, I keep hearing these loud whistles then I wake up in the hospital.
These helmets are great!
So, are you still against Ride Share ?
Look! A train!
Let's make this one count.
This better work this time.
It's cheaper and less painful than waiting at the doctor's office.
Where'd you say Verna got the name of that ambulance chaser?
What were we thinking hanging out *in front of* the train before?
We're just about about out of time. Same place next week?
Can we please just fake a slip in a supermarket next time?
If this train left the station 20 minutes ago, how long will it take the ambulance to meet us at the next one?
Time's up. Now if you excuse me I have another patient waiting on track 9.
There must be an easier way to get hit with a train of thought!
I don't know about you, but I think this is taking "hair of the dog" a bit too far.
It still beats living next door to a violin teacher.
Still beats riding the G.
Never give in to a bully.
Yes, I do have violent dreams.
I'm skeptical about this "Underground New York" tour.
THIS will get us a settlement!
Trust me, we'll be fine just as long as we don't touch the third rail.
I told you, even if we are on the right track, we will get run over !
It's not a great job, but somebody's gotta do it.
You didn't invest in Uber either?
Beats our last session under the train
I must admit that this immersion therapy is curing my phobia of trains. Now I'm just afraid of doctors.
Let's just hope insurance won't be denied for a pre-existing condition.
I prefer the express.
Still, they promise a job for life.
In spite of the occasional intrusions, it's a decent place.
On the plus side, these life coach sessions are free.
The doctor said, 'rest, ice and elevation', he said nothing about sitting on a railroad track.
So the 65" 4K Blu-ray Super Ultra HD TV wasn't enough for you. You just had to go 3D.
I'm over my fear of flying, thanks.
Larry? Um...I don't think the D Train stops here either.
Deja vu?
So, what's the big revelation?
Just to reiterate, I strongly disagree 'the third time's the charm'.
Why yes, I am a well trained psychiatrist.
Do you hear something?
Be sure to avoid that third rail, it's a killer.
I don't think that this is our stop.
Frank, I'm starting to doubt that homeopathy is supposed to work this way.
90-10 he doesn't stop in time.
I don't think this is what doc meant by traction.
Tell me, how do you FEEL about the Yankees this year?
I have this recurring dream . . .
This aversion therapy will definitely help you get over your fear of trains.
My physical therapist says this is the worst possible position you can lie in.
You went too far just because the Harrisons bought a new SUV.
Let's just call it March madness.
Face it -- we're not accident prone, we're just stupid.
Have you ever seen the movie "Trainspotting"?
the Detrainees in their natural habitat
And then they give you an aspirin and bill your insurance company for six CAT scans.
Sticks and stones can break my bones but trains will never hurt me.
Before retiring, I never understood it when they would say that 'Medicare is the third rail of American Politics.'
Well, it looks like our time is about up.
I'm dying to get my life on track.
It's a new method I read about.
I guess the good news is that we meet the deductible.
I blame Obamacare!
You don't hear that?
'I'm pretty sure we're on the right side of the tracks now.'
Through this whole Batman v Superman argument, what have we gained?
Now, I think we're all feeling a little hurt after last week's session.
I'm seriously thinking of taking your therapy on a different track.
So have you had any traumatic experiences in your past?
Google map said it was the Highline.
YouTube fame awaits!
The subway can cost you an arm and a leg these days.
I knew we should have used the express the first time.
We'll be at the ER in 15 minutes or less, I betcha!
First a wheel, then the caboose.
They really should put the bike lane somewhere else.
This is not what I had in mind when I said "I share your pain".
Best seats in the house, trust me.
This might be a little late, but does our insurance policy have an expected or intended injury exclusion?
Are you sure about this? I thought it was suppose to be a railroad bed not a couch.
Ok, I agree, you're the better "chicken" player.
Well, you know, pretending to live a Tolstoy existence, isn't going to cover up your Dostoyevsky tendencies. And yes. The big fat caboose is laughing at you.
Fear of intimacy is the "Third Rail" of Freudian Psychoanalysis.
If at first you don't succeed try again.
I think we should have paid more attention to the "Medicare D" clause
A Freudian. Why?
How is this train staying upright on only one rail and with wheels only on one side?
Hopefully this is less painful than D plane!
I think I changed my mind.
You sure doing this again is a good idea?
This will conclude our thearpy sessions.
Oh no, there goes my other leg.
I'm beginning to suspect our wives' retirement suggestions.
You really have to be careful who you mingle with on these murder mystery train parties!
Wait, I thought it was accidental death OR dismemberment!
And so you're saying that *this time*, for sure, it's all in my mind?
we are made up of steel. as long as we can stand tall. we can win this fight. now we are still (breathing) right?????
The third rail of therapy is fear of the known.
Now that we have Obamacare we can live where we want.
Well he hasn't stopped yet, I guess I owe you another dollar.
Your session is about to expire.
The train in the tunnel dream again?
I'm sure we're on the right track now.
Obama care still sucks.
Trust me, In Vivo Exposure Therapy has strong support in the literature.
There has to be an easier way to make a living other that suing the subway company for pain and suffering.
Ya know, I'm starting to doubt that jumping trains really exist.
I finally feel like we're on track.
The way our lucks been going lately, I can't believe it missed us.
How many times do you think we can do this before they call it insurance fraud?
I hope it does a better job this time !
If at first you don't su--
I was thinking we could conduct this immersion therapy in your office next time Doc.
I think they call it out-patient treatment now.
I told you the express would be quicker!
We've got to get our obamacare in before the election frank!
This is D end....
I'm not too bad. How about yourself?
Once Again, I told you that timeshare deal was too good to be true!
At least they didn't throw us under the bus.
I don't know what's worse, housing costing a figurative or a literal arm and a leg.
I've always wanted track lighting
My lawyer says if I can keep faking it I am on track for a big settlement.
It is the end of the line!
What are the odds of it happening again?
I told you we weren't lucky.
You have to admit it puts the pain from your divorce into perspective.
Is it too late to pay the deductible?
I'm voting for Trump.
I don't care how low the rent is, the medical bills are eating us alive.
Stop me if you've heard this one
Sure, it's noisy, but you can't beat the rent.
Hmm, Late as usual.
We'd still be wailing on the track if that was the local.
Third time's the charm.
The D train "X" Games 2016
Location, location, locomotion.
Sometimes you just need to kick back, relax, and let the D come to you.
Fool me once ...
If I also grab my personal third rail, you can charge me for overtime.
I will get hit by a train for you~
Look, aversion therapy is not meant to be easy.
Man, I wish I knew how to quit you!
For the last time, sometimes a train really is just a train.
Let me start off today's session by stating that as a result of your desensitization therapy I'm now more afraid of psychiatrists than trains.
They haven't worked out the details, but 'subwaycare' makes it easier for family and friends to reach you.
My wife says train spotting isn't a real man's hobby. I'm here to tel.....
Third time will be the charm.
Before the new administration, if you were hit, they'd just leave you for dead!
Do you think one of the train's conductors will recognize us from last week?
The A train is quicker.
Let me stop it with my cast!
I forgot the punchline.
I understand exactly how you feel.
With this final exercise, your desensitation will be complete. You will be cured of your siderodromophobia and can live a normal, healthy life.
Do you think they forgot about us?
If "D" stands for "Decisive Death"...why is there only one....
Watch that third rail!
I seem to have one medical emergency after another lately.
I just remembered why this is a bad idea.
Run over us once, shame on you! Run over us twice,shame on us!
If this wasn't the family business, I'd quit and do something else.
Waiting for Godot takes on new meaning on New York's subway tracks.
Now do you appreciate the time constraints of our sessions?
I hope they appreciate performance art.
Right on time.
I know it's tough. But it's the best way to treat your train-phobia!
John, I get tired of doing crash testing and I think this one we will be out for a long time. Well Pat, at least we are comfortable.
Run over me with a bus? I will watch a train run over you.
Now, I'm no genius, but I swear the text said that the settlement conference was on track.
Say what you want about Trump, but at least the trains run on time.
Nobody said couch surfing would be easy.
Stunt doubles still on strike?
Don't worry. I've got malpractice insurance up the ying yang.
Are you sure this is what the doctor meant when he said we should be on track for a full recovery?
Chillin on the Railroad!
After this, our health insurance will finally pay for everything.
I have this recurring dream of a train with wheels on only one side.
I wonder if Donald Trump will pay the driver's legal fees?
Fine but if we don't make it on this time lets just go ahead and pay the fare like everyone else.
A few more broken ribs, and those season tickets are ours.
THIS DIDN'T WORK THE LAST TIME WE TRIED TO GET A FREE RIDE.
one more hit, and we can pay for our college.
You have to be on the tracks to get hit by the train.
Sometimes a train going through a tunnel is just a train going through a tunnel, you know.
There are better ways to decouple.
Do you think we're taking this insurance scam too far?
Broke down area waiting for repairs!
So you see, reality therapy has demonstrated that your fear of subways is not irrational after all.
Let's pick up again tomorrow at 2:18.
Wow, this is the best 3D movie the I have ever seen
Jokes about suicide leave me flat.
I told you to be nicer to that nurse.
About to get hit wth a "D".
Could be worse.
I'd rather it be this D-train than Trump's.
How do you think we got here? I don't know! You went to it he same party I went to.
It's transference not transference
This is the point where I usually wake up.
What don't kill you only makes you stronger. If this doesn't work we'll try the N train next.
We're one infrastructure failure away from reaching our deductible.
You are so right, my friend. Sure is hard to get off the beaten track in New York City.
Ah, the sound of a forty ton train heading straight for you at fifty miles an hour. When you live in New York this is maybe the the third weirdest thing that happens to you in a week.
Maybe giving Dinah that banjo was a mistake. Why, she hasn't blown her horn in MONTHS!
Now that we’ve gotten you over your fear of heights, let’s tackle your fear of subways.
The cartoon is not visible......(not a caption,just a fact)
Not to worry, they're missing half their wheels
Did you hear? We are on track to a full recovery...
The D train. Who would have guessed.
We need a new hobby.
I’ll be damned if we’re denied Worker’s Comp this time!
You're sure he said our recovery needs to get back on 'tracks'--with an 's'?
So let me get this straight... The train is Medicare, we're Medicaid and the third rail is Social Security? Oh, right, the third rail is under your foot. Now I see.
Let's wait for the F.
Let me check our tickets again.
Think back... now describe to me when you first felt like you were run over by a train.
I see my protest also as a lifestyle.
When we're at work, we train with no breaks.
...and how does this make you feel?
This is crazy. I trusted you the last time you said the Brown Line was down for repairs.
I'm not in it for the money.
So I said, "No way am I paying a copay on my health insurance. You have not seen the last of James Arbuckle!"
It is deja vu all over again.
Photoshop and a good lawyer: I think the gravy train is coming in!
Where're the media?
Of course it can't sit down on us it has a tender behind.
Danger is the price we pay as thrill-seekers, Roger.
I keep telling you this isn't the luge run.
I think we have completely derailed.
At least we are on morphine this time.
Do you ever feel like you're on the wrong track?
This exposure therapy is really dangerous.
I don't understand why so few people are showing up to our support group
SOMETIMES LESS IS NOT MORE.
Is that the front or the back.
deja vu... ikr
Oh, I thought the train would never make it here.
Unfortunately, your hour is up again.
As your psychologist, I maintain that this is the only way we can conquer your fear of being run over by a commuter train.
"Relax.. It can't happen again till the express comes by.
So how is your peripheral vision coming along?
Wonder what that "D" stands for?
What sold me on this place is how conviemt it is to public transit.
The one time it's on time.
I know a really great place to be on life support.
So much for that cul-de-track idea.
And we shall continue this therapy until you break through your fear of trains!
The ONE time the D is on time!
Eminent domain? Nonsense, this will always be our home.
sometimes i feel like the D is always coming at me
I have a new appreciation for riding the rails.
How much time do we have, this time? " "It's worse than the Presidency this year, but better than our health insurance.
Didn't we already hit the D Train last week? Transit Police may get suspicious.
I'm beginning to think we have an incorrect understanding of "trainspotting."
This state's euthanasia practices leave a lot to be desired.
Well then, what is YOUR definition of crazy?
It's right on time!
I've woken up in worse places.
I'm afraid this interactive therapy is going nowhere.
I find this setting gives my patients a greater sense of urgency.
Sticking my thumb out doesn't seem to be working either.
These Driverless trains really work, call the union rep.
We fell off a train together, and then fell in love! Happy Anniversary, Frank!
I don't know why people think we're so accident prone.
We're an accident that's gotta happen!
Let's hope we are so lucky this time!
I'm beginning to think this is not what is meant by "train-spotting"
Yes dear we are Egg Firsters, but there are many fine Chicken Firsters.
Don't you think it's a bit too late for "if you see something, say something.
Did I mention this session is free of charge?
Now in this dream, you say you always wake up before the train hits?
Trust me, this time the video will go viral.
Do you still advise me to live in the moment and not worry about the future?
Well, look on the bright side. The train didn't come off unscathed.
You say 'it felt like being hit by a train' too often.
Dag nab it, that sheriff has one fast horsey!
Those Trump people really hold a grudge.
I hear you saying the train is coming. Can we unpack that?
At least we gave as good as we got.
When I said, 'I bet the train would come if we literally laid down on the tracks,' I didn't think you'd hold me to it.
I told you, the policy says there's no deductible with the 'D' train.
The thing is, none of these captions that win are actually funny or witty in any way. So here's to life. Cross my heart and hope to die.
I'm not sure I should continue accepting your ideas for safe places to meet.
Our recovery is right on track now.
Any anxiety?
Every little breeze...seems to whisper Louise..
I’m not sure that getting back on track this soon is such a good idea.
I know we've been over this, but let's see where it goes.
I thought you said the D was always delayed?
Thank goodness for Obamacare.
This time I really need you to believe that we're safe and sound in my office.
After months of failed diagnoses, I still don't think we're on the right track to recovery.
I think it went, "Take the A-Train."
I sure thought our time was up. Good thing we were wearing our helmets.
When I said "Subway" I was actually referring to my roaring belly
If this doesn't get us into Guinness, I'm done.
I'm getting subliminal vibes.
I never said your fear of trains was irrational.
Do you think this will fulfill our family deductible?
Oh man, I wanted to get struck by the E train this time.
I'm pretty sure they said the MTA have the best coverage
Looks like the D is the only thing that's not broken.
Sure the furniture is nice, but still I'm a little uncomfortable.
Hold on to that train of thought again.
Last time they said lie between the tracks, see where that got us....
We're gonna have to move soon.
We're testing the dummies on board.
Hold that thought.
These one-side wheeled trains from New Zealand just don't run anymore.
Living on the edge.
I wasn't expecting the freakin Mets to actually win!
I thought you said it would be the A train.
"Are you desensitized to your fear of trains yet?
I'm beginning to understand your fear of trains
Second time is the charm.
Last time was a fluke; this time my calculations are foolproof.
I'd say you're doomed.
Would you rather be in the nose bleed section?
Let the MTA encroach on the beach. We're not moving!
You sure this is the new underground railroad to Canada's free healthcare?
This time I get to pick the lawyer.
My form of therapy can be painful.
let thoes painful memories wash over you like a....
Wow this television is really realistic!
The train says "D"! Don't worry bro. It means "Don't move".
I think that that is all the time we have left for today.
If it doesn't kill you...it'll make you stronger.
How else are you supposed to test your life insurance startup.
I'm so glad our recovery is back on track.
Ah, sweet "D" for disability money.
Okay, this time I swear I'll ask out the nurse.
I can't tell if we're coming or going.
When Trump gets elected its all you can do
Are you sure the D Line stops here?
So how did you track me down?
Well, I am convinced that your Siderodromophobia is based in reality.
D Train! D Train!
Are you sure this is how you become a wizard?
So what do you think about the new Adele song?
I preferred Occupy Wall Street.
Come on ya dumb train, double or nothin'.
They weren't kidding when they said the lounge is in the rear.
Of course this is the proper way to do exposure therapy.
I'm thinking that subway track sitting might not really be a good hobby.
Have you made any progress on your fear of subways since our last exposure therapy session?
I'm starting to really miss Dr. Kevorkian.
When Trump is presidente he'll make it all beautiful and great again!
My, is the 2 o'clock early again?
I told you reading between the lines was a bad idea
Isn't this a little extreme doc...couldn't we just move from America to get away from Trump?
That car sure came out of nowhere.
I thought you said the 'A' Train was going to finish us off!
It's just you and me, the reunion gets smaller each year.
You were right Harry when you said that we are first in line for the train.
I thought 'Watch the Gap' was just for the riders.
i think i can-in confidence-confirm, mr egglesby- that yours is an authentic case of 'one-track-mind'
I told you we were on the wrong side of the tracks.
I don't think we are on the right track of the High Line.
D train D train the train is coming.
So, this too is your mother's fault.
Don't worry , it's just the deductible .
Desensitization program
Are you sure the D train only comes once on Sundays?
"Why is the cartoon not viewable?
My phone charges quickly on that third rail.
Looks like the D-train caught US.
I definitely thought they said brains.
When you said we should jump under the D train, I thought you meant Trump.
We left off with your dream about the train going into the tunnel
Rest before the D train, they said.
Wrong side of the tracks again!
Are you sure people will get the metaphor?
If my calculations are right he's five minutes early
Watch out for the third rail this time.
He knows us now.
Now that we've experienced being thrown under the bus, let's move on to our next challenge.
I feel like I'm in a half-assed cartoon.
Damn! I was really hoping it would be the F train.
Tell me about the rats, George
Let's try this again.
We'll be safe here, if the train goes any further it goes into the washing station.
The bnb's owner asked me to mention his proximity to local transportation in my review!
They say never touch the third rail
Aren't we all in some way damaged?
These Curved UHD, 4K, Surround Sound, 3-D, Smart-TVs make what you're watching seem so -
What makes you think it is a reasonable fear now?
Aah, the breeze on-rush!.. something to die for.
What would James Bond do?
You certainly do not look like one who could be put off for being overly talkative.
I get claustrophobic in tunnels.
You've seen one ER, you've seen 'em all.
Facing your fear, take two.
Next, I'd like you to help me with my constant sense of foreboding.
Then I figured, how much worse can it get?
I'm having second thoughts about this fare increase protest.
Oh, you're just a glass half empty guy.
I think we have more pressing issues.
Who's your tort lawyer?
I still prefer this to what's on the networks.
So much for getting our lives back on track.
No, I don't think you're on the right track yet.
Next week, can we work on my fear of flying?
At least the primaries are over. The general election shouldn't be as bad.
Is that what he meant by escapade?
Living your life on the edge has it's drawbacks.
On the bright side, I never saved for retirement.
Doc, I think your methods are too extreme for me.
Hit by train once shame on us. Hit by train twice....
Who knew trainspotting could be so dangerous?
I warned them, see, hit us once shame on you but hit us twice, shame on…. Uh-oh.
You're sure this scene is meant to be ironic, right?
Millie said I could have a caboose cave.
The mind of Tom Cheney
I thought you said this tunnel was sealed off?
These protests are taking their toll...
Training for the 2020 X-Games
Still you got to love the convenience.
Bad Karma!
I'm done heckling Trump.
Curing your fear of women was much less painful.
Just like I told you, 30 minutes late.
My staycation has it all: saving money, beating crowds, avoiding sun exposure.
A little late, but our analyst's advice of confronting last month's traumatic experience should be reconsidered.
I thought it might be less painful for us both, if we shifted track away from your mother.
Eventually you'll begin to _fear_ getting hit by the train.
This beats being harassed by the cops on the platform.
Maybe this isn't what the doctor meant when he said to try to get back on track
It seems to me to be a case of repetitive train injury.
No, I don't know the definition of insanity. Why do you ask?
Same time next week?
Honey,wheres my eyeglasses?
Doc, the price of convenience for our session's location costs an arm and a leg.
Did you call the trial lawyers?
Remember, Doc said to stay on track!
Train workers never strike twice!
You are not crazy to believe in peace.
Trust me!
Okay, train, best of three.
Maybe this time, our Social Security Disability claims will be 'Approved.'
They think they're stopped because of a "sick passenger."
Watch out for the third rail.
I tell ya we grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Yessir, driving an automobile is a dangerous thing.
Are you sure that lightening never strikes the same place twice?
Train Delay?
One more and I can actually buy a place on this line.
Reginald and Abigail had finally come to the realization that their relationship was not solely harmful; it was a train wreck in the making.
I hope you have enough pain pills left for both of us.
Whaddya know. . . I am over my fear of flying.
I think we need to analyze why I'm the first victim being hit in your speeding train dream
So with this type of training, Doc, you think that I will be able to walk again?
Didn't hear the train a comin', didn't see it rollin' around the bend and we aint seen sunshine since we got hit in the head.
That concludes our sessions on trains, next week we'll move to airplanes
Why was this a good idea?
This commute is murder!
Next time we go to the HIGH line!
I should have read my contract closer before I took this job.
So I'm just trying to pass the time away all the live-long day.
Do you think the train knew where it was going?
So in this dream did it hurt when the train hit you?
We've really got to get better at reading these train schedules, Don.
jumping off the lazy train took more work than expected
Law school just paid for itself.
Is that your stomach growling?
Tell me about your mother.
D-Troit
You're transferring again!
I see why you feel that way.
Again we are on the right track now for a disaster.
Call me an optimist.
Perhaps its time to call our real estate agent
Chuck, a locomotive goes west, one goes east, which appendage clanks first?
A, B, and C trains were a piece of cake. But it's a long way to the Z train.
Well, at least he made the trains run on time.
Don't you just love the look on the Engineer's face?
Honestly, I didn't think living in the subway would be this hard.
In your case, 'the end of the line' is far safer than being 'on the fast track.'
Who said there's no affordable housing.
In my nightmares, they put the other wheels on and we really get creamed...
They just don't make cabooses like they used to.
D train, boss, D train.
I support universal healthcare, but the waiting rooms have really taken a toll
This is absolutely the last time I'm doing any dares from Eddie.
The listing said that it was very close to public transportation.
Id, shmid. The D train is really real.
I always feel worse going to Brooklyn than arriving from it.
Our Risk Avoidance Support Group will be totally cross with us.
And you thought your life was a train wreck before...
I see you took the early retirement package for crash test dummies as well
I think I hear by watch beeping.
If they don't shut this magazine down for this then we know freedom of the press is still alive and well
2nd time is a charm
Sometimes a dream is NOT just a dream.
Are you sure this is the way we fill find the God Particle like they do in Europe's tunnels
Well I think this new Obamacare plan sucks!
How's your arm?
No matter, I'm all broke to pieces anyway.
I always thought 'Medicare is the third rail of politics' was just an expression.
Maybe I should try skydiving.
And sometimes trains through tunnels are trains through tunnels
On the bright side, this rental is close to everything.
What, specifically, triggers your irrational sense of impending doom?
Let's talk about who might be enabling your suicidal tendencies....
Reality TV is harder than I thought.
How has the systematic desensitization therapy been going for you so far?
No, I'm in the dream too, so at least it's progress on trust issues.
Sure, living here has its drawbacks, but you've got to love the raised ceilings.
Now, as I was saying, before we were so rudely interrupted...
I forwarded my mail to your house.
It's the perfect plan - what could possibly go wrong?
This should meet my health insurance deductible.
Time to stop blaming others for problems.
The good news is, after years of therapy, I think we are finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel!
You know why they call it the "D" train don't you? Because we're f@cked.
Are you really sure we're bound?
Well now we know what the 'D' stands for...
It's only my 3rd acupunkture session but it feels revolutionary.
Déjà vu. I remember now, it means...
We're finally off the grid.
'Let's go on a reality show,' he said. 'It'll be fun,' he said.
By golly, Bob, we've finally trained them!
It's a living...
This time the settlement should be six figures!
You were right. The chaise was better over there.
I just remembered ... the D Train doesn't stop here anymore.
Time's up.
If this doesn't go viral, I give up.
When you said subway sandwich, I thought....
I feel another breakthrough coming.
Sure it looks bad, but I could have been hit by a giant metaphor.
I'll admit, it's an experimental treatment.
"'Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon"?
Looks like we will have to pick it up from here in let's say 8 weeks.
You think we should move?
Remember the phrase, "first come, first serve?"
Oh no, not the D train again!
Get out the way, the Big Apple is coming!
Looks like we guessed wrong - again.
Just one more hit should get us above our deductible.
Yep, totally covered. God Bless President Bernie.
I don't like the new waiting room here at the VA.
The MTA is gonna strike again
We have to stop meeting like this.
We were suspicious when our son-in-law gave us the location for the flash mob...
So we wait here for Medicare Part D pain medication?
Do you think we'll make it to E?
I think we should have taken the F.
Let's delve deeper into your dreams involving trains
Usually it's a little girl telling me I can fly, but whatever.
And why do you think continuing our sessions is contributing to this unreasoning fear that they are bad for you?
THIS assisted suicide will work!
Let's enjoy the moment...
Schedule said it was a local.
Are you sure the doctor wrote T-R-A-C-K-T-I-O-N?
Did you have trouble getting here?
Remember the last time we tried to flag down the D train?
I look forward to getting our disability status renewed.
I know you are trying to cure me from my phobia of trains, but this just isn't working.
Remember your training.
It's more efficient than exsanguination. And, by the way, our incontestibility periods have been satisfied.
I think its time we should move.
I just hope Sol appreciates this.
Tell me again Doc. How is this going to cure my fear of trains?
This is cheaper than a stay in a New York City hospital.
Look on the bright side. Gauze is covered under our plan.
The prognosis was tunnel vision.
Doctor,my wife says I'm a train wreck waiting to happen
Sure it's a bit dangerous, but it's rent controlled.
Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith. Keith.
Well, if lightening does strike twice, at least we'll be comfortable.
I'm beginning to think this isn't the best spot to keep taking our rest break.
It’s obviously moot at this point, but in therapy we must learn that there is a very important difference between an aphorism and a metaphor.
Just another day on the job.
You know, Harvey, I've always loved your proactive spirit.
The 'Subway Fixer Upper' is right on time.
My watch is on the fritz. Is it late again!?
IT GETS SO CROWDED WHEN THE YANKS PLAY THE SOX
I call it 'extreme rebirthing.'
Good thing we are on the right side of the track this time.
We're covered, as long as this is a local.
Work with me, Ted. It's called experiential psychology for a reason.
Today, two old-men delayed the D-train departure. And now a word from our sponsor: Viagra.
I'm not sure I can get on board with this new chiropractor.
Tom's new therapist was a train wreck.
The partners say it's all about billable hours, dude.
Do you get the feeling we live on the wrong side of the tracks?
Is that the local or express?
Want to sign my cast?
I think we were better off "off the rails".
Ugh -- I think my health insurance only covers the A and C uptown trains.
You're right doctor. This is helping me overcome my fear of death.
I don't think this ever happened to Woody Guthrie!
Finally! Trump's health care plan.
Think it is too late to sign up for Obamacare?
Three D's
Did you pay your copay?
Maybe we should rethink the whole 'safety first' thing.
they must really think that D will me on time if there are no sick passengers onboard.
Are you sure it isn't lightning that never strikes twice?
Fortitude!
I'm sure glad the doctor told us to relax and not train so much.
Not nearly as innovative as your last business, "Third Rail Cupcakes".
I'll admit I was a little skeptical about having this reunion.
It's brake time!
We miscalculated; I don't think that is Henry driving.
This is not what I meant when I asked if our retirement plan was on track.
I can't believe the insurance company only pays for full body casts.
Its not traction....its "track shun"...
I'm startin' to hear that clickity-clackin' again.
And when was the last time you had one of these 'deja vu moments'?
I meant the Bob Dylan album.
I don't think your train aversion therapy is working.
I am growing inured to planes, trains, and automobiles.
Nice to finally relax after all that chaos in the ER.
I'm thinking our creator has tunnel vision.
Our lawyers are going to make a bundle on this.
Exposure therapy isn't working. Why don't you just get a car?
Sure, break testing can be fatal, but how about that incredible retirement package!
If I was able, I'd have on clean underwear.
I believe you have the Evel Knievel syndrome.
As long as we don't touch the third rail, we should be fine this time.
To ensure safety over track conditions ahead, this subway train will operate slower than normal for a short time.
I've decided to switch to a therapist who doesn't keep saying "things could be worse".
What we really need to do is look back at your childhood to discover the source of all your pain.
You'll have to speak up.
Accessible ! Why do you think the Dodgers left.
If we can make it here, we can make it anywhere.
So much for the train being on time for a change.
Maybe we should have taken the "B" train?
You gotta be careful. Back when they made 'Double Indemnity' there was no third rail.
Here we go again.
I don't think this is the best way to cure your phobia of trains.
I didn't think it would be THIS hard to stop smoking, Doc...
Let's see if Obamacare will pay for this one.
Aah yes, siderodromophobia, the fear of trains ...although, I'm less versed on the fear of broken bones.
This idea of your's might get traction yet.
Rehab's Rehab. Besides, it's covered, minus the co-pay.
Why don't you just buy a watch?
We've been railroaded in the literal sense of the word.
I wonder what the boss meant by "Re-Training".
Most people really can't comprehend what it means 'to be thrown under the train.'
But, you know how it ends.
Well, it didn't work the first time.
There's nothing to worry about. This train's never on time.
If we are doing this again, we are on the wrong side of the tracks.
Okay, suit yourself. We DON'T need faster download speeds.
Fool me once, shame on you.
I understand the importance of getting our lives back on track after the accident, but I'm not sure this is what the doctor had in mind.
finally, an end to our suffering.
Learning to face your fears sounds so good on paper.
I can't tell which way the train is going either.
Now I wish we'd bought Signature Care
The policy did say death AND disability.
Excuse me, but where do you think you're going?
Well, they now say the threat of death is the greatest recuperating factor.
Since we don't have the money to live where you want and you won't live on the other side of the tracks, what other option is there?
All my dreams seem so real!
So you feel like sometimes you're simply on the wrong track?
I know! But they tell me my deductibles are right on track.
This train will never leave the station.
hold your breath now, pumpkin, the train will remove the cast quicker than you can say Jack Robinson
And how does my new office make you feel?
Do they have frequent flier cards at the hospital?
Have you seen my ottoman?
When the actual D train has a bigger hit than the movie, The D Train.
This is why I always sit upright. All I have to do is tilt back and I'm safe.
For the last time, this is NOT the Highline.
"The good thing is there's no third rail".
To take or to catch a train?
Don't you think it's time for you to examine your lease agreement?
Don't worry, pre-existing conditions are covered.
Same old same old
Maybe we should worry less about the symbolism.
This should help us meet our deductible.
I live on the other side of the tracks
Funny place for a lawyer's waiting room.
I make a motion that we quickly close this session of the Broken-Appendage-Barcolounger-Trainspotting Club. Can I get a second . . . ?
Over my dead body.
Like I told ya Frank, cast itch, is covered by Obamacare !
The L is hell.
Well, I AM known for my empathy.
This way, the railroad pays our hospital bills.
I think we're still on the wrong track.
My lawyer should be on the 10:37.
The disability train comes to the trauma track with tricked up treatment again.
Book a room near transportation, you said.
I was hoping for something with a little more pizzazz. You know, like an A train.
I'm afraid we're out of time.
I got a feeling that if I live through this session I'm going to be cured.
I see we are running over on our time, again.
Next time, let's take the A train
Affordable Housing
Remember when you thought not touching the third rail would be our biggest problem?
I think we need to the the R recovery line !
That which does not kill us, makes us stronger.
We will be on Easy Street...no really that's the next stop.
I'm not sure about this new health plan...
You up for some ping pong?
You've been hearing things...aanndd...
I'm a laid-back type of self-destructive.
Do you have anything else you want to say?
You were supposed to take the "A" train.
You really feel the action in these seats.
On a scale of 0 to 10, how content are you with your life?
3 down 99,997 to go.
With a little help we can take this to Coney Island.
I like to imagine that it could have been worse.
A quick trip from here to eternity.
This time we get it right!
We still must explore why you're obsessing over the D train when this is the C track.
Next time we gotta bring the outdoor furniture.
Not MY president.
I hope they have sorted this couch to train service
In one second, my leg won't hurt any more.
It's a D-line fracture.
Do you ever feel like you've reached the end of the line?
The brochure said there are great views of the C.
Second time lucky.
The ad said reasonable rent and close to public transportation.
Relax, the train can't move either - we're all single- limb- recoverers.... !
Now, as I was asking Mr. Carney, why do you think the train runs over you every time? I am going to have to discharge you as a patient if you keep believing you have the power to stop the world because you want to get off one broken arm is enough.
What are the odds of both of us getting hit by the same train twice?
Ever worry that we're on the wrong track?
We'll damn well get it right this time!
whoa.
Part of me is starting to think this was a bad idea.
Are you sure pre-existing conditions are covered?
You sure this'll work?" "Trust me.
Your "sure-fire free ride" idea isn't going to pan out.
On the bright side, the rent is affordable.
I will bet you another $1 that it won't back up.
I think it's time our therapy changed track.
I feel an epiphany coming!
The MTA's AirBNB game is strong.
I may not have mentioned that I'm one of those Notre Dame subway alumni you've heard so much about.
You are sure we have reached the annual maximum out-of-pocket insurance co-payments?
I regret nothing!
Once again, I believe the train is a metaphor for something much, much deeper.
Were the rehab directives to "Rest up and train at Track 10" or to "Rest up and train with traction?!"
It should be seen as a good first effort in Neo - Gandhism.
Doc, sorry to drag you into this recurring nightmare of mine.
Look harder - there IS a face there . . .
I'll prove to you that it wasn't the third rail.
Is it me or does this train have on a happy face?
How does the train stay on the tracks? There are no wheels on the right side.
Well, time is up for our session. I think we've made a real breakthrough with your phobia!
I'm thinking now that the N train will be a bit of a stretch for us.
This is going to cost an arm and a leg" "Maybe two
If it doesn't work this time, next week we'll proclaim Sanders at a Trump rally.
Doctor, I don't think this train aversion therapy is working
Let's keep our recovery on track.
You're right, Doc. I no longer fear trains. Can we leave now?
I can't help but feel sooner or later our luck is going to run out.
This will be easy compared to your fear of Trump rallies.
It's the express mate. We should arrive at Yankee Stadium for the home opener.
yes it seems dangerous but statistically the likely hood of being hit by a train twice is zero
Maybe we should find a bullet train,and get this over with.
Let's pick up where we were last time...you saw a big 'D' coming towards you...
Life should only be so easy !
Failure of the euthanasia activists makes life harder.
Hang-on! Wouldn't this be a total "tunnel-vision" on things?!?
We're sure lucky, we missed that Third Rail !
Next time Fred... You sit in the front seat...
Oh look my four o'clock is early again.
It's just a day at Brighton Beach, you'll never remember.
Aren't you happy? This way we save the airfare to Oregon.
The ADA ramp will pop out in just a second.
I always get the drafty room
It's not therapy without exposure, Tom.
Don't worry, I'm sure he's not going to move!
Try to relax... another train should be coming through soon.
Well, my wife thinks I'm just accident-prone.
Your transference neurosis is likely to manifest in hallucinations.
I thought you said third trail.
It was a hell of a ride.
Are you sure workers' comp covers pre-existing conditions?
If it backs over us we can sue for double!
OF COURSE HE SEES US. THAT'S THE BEAUTY OF THIS SCHEME
If you're not committed to the therapeutic relationship, there's not much I can do to help you.
It's all about being at the right place at the right time.
Didn't the doc say tracktion?
We'll take another look at his issue in recovery.
We might be able to make a few quid building Trump's wall after we recover from the derailment of our traditional values.
The sensation you describe is called deja vu.
If you're genuinely committed to therapy, you’ll agree it’s time to intensify our trust exercises.
Johnny? What does deja vu mean again?
Two more incidents and that week in Jamaica is ours!
Well Mr. Dillon, it looks like our time is up for today. Same time next week?
So after that base jump incident, she asks me, "If Ernie sat on the tracks would I?
These New York Yankee super saver seats are not half bad
It still beats summers in the Hamptons.
So, Dr. Siegfried, how much aversion therapy before I conquer my subway fear?
I have come to the unexpected conclusion that your anxieties are well founded.
Moe: "Say, do you remember when Mom and Dad said that we were on the fast track to hell if we didn't stop getting high and move out of the basement? HA! Well, that train just ran right through us, and I didn't feel a thing."
Let's hope it doesn't slow down because of train traffic in front us this time!
The final meeting of the Death Wish Club is now called to order
This time stay put!
You can relax this time, Phil. Sometimes the end of dline is just the end of dline.
Might as well be comfortable until the lawyers come and, no, they won't notice the divan if we moan enough.
He told me to avoid the tird rail, but nothing about minding the gap.
Stop complaining about our train leaving the station.
Is it comming or going
Way to go, man.
We are here to pay our respects to Johnie, his last words were watch out for D train.
This isn't what I meant by 'see you on the other side.'
I sat us here because the other side has the third rail.
We must be part cat if this doesn't work.
Okay ... my pocket watch stopped running last week.
At least it was nice of them to give us their seats.
Kinda sad how they sidetrack their broken-down equipment and working stiffs.
If you remember dear your "persistence" was the reason I feel in love with you.
I usually take the A train.
Don't you think the train engineer is quite disarming?
Are you sure this time that the insurance company pays quadruple if the train is heading westbound at 90 miles per hour?
I love the smell of diesel in the morning.
Screw the eyestrain—I say we move closer to the TV.
Can't let them get to the Trump rally.
They said physical therapy might hurt.
They're gaining on us. Who are these guys?
I think this prolonged exposure therapy is really working!
This is gonna hurt...
How to murder handicaps with a train while they're sitting or laying on something.
Jumping's overrated.
sometimes the contestants get a second chance in the suicide game
We're being railroaded.
There's that screeching sound again.
Once we meet the deductible it won't be so bad
I thought you said—
The D is so unreliable.
Let's give it one more try and then we can go looking for the platform.
Going out on our own Eames like we said we would, Helen
before I get off track, let me tell you how I broke my arm...
Is that a smart watch?
I think we seriously misjudged your disability scam!
So I guess that that light at the end of the tunnel was not your missing flashlight?
So much for your idea of a staycation
Okay, now let's visualize surviving even a more serious situation.
When you said a little R&R I didn't think you meant railroad.
I admire the tagger's use of shadow and light
This was the cheapest office that I could afford.
Under Obamacare this is the only Euthanasia covered.
No problem!" "The A train last week was going at twice the speed!
You know, I'm too beginning to doubt the efficacy of exposure therapy.
Still, you can't beat the rent.
I'm drawing a blank
I know our follow-up surgery is supposed to be expensive, and I'm greatful for President Trump's Healthcare, but don't you think this waiting room is very usual?
This is my last one.
The therapist recommends immersion therapy for the fear of trains...........
We will keep at it until you get over your fear of being run over by a train.
...a hair better than blackjack, Frank. 50/50.
Sometimes I feel like my train has left the station.
This isn't what I meant by back on track
This time, remember to record.
...aaaand here we go again...
I still say if we didn't take enough Vicodin; this will really hurt.
So this is the part of the dream where you wake up?
This is most likely the worst idea we have ever had.
I'm starting to question our physical therapist's tactics.
I kind of liked the park bench.
I've empathized with you and I've sympathized with you. Now, for once, you are going to feel my pain.
I think that we might be on the right track in discovering your irrational fear of trains.
Well, I'm glad that's over!
I'm afraid our time is up.
What are they gonna do? We're Union.
we never should have moved to Canada.
I think one more session and your fear of the subways will be gone.
You were saying, about the light at the end of the tunnel?
Let's make this our last session.
When I asked you to help me delve into my sub-conscious, I think you misunderstood.
Typical, just when you find a great seat...
well, I think we've turned lemons into lemonade
No doubt about it, healthcare is the third rail.
Well jumping off a roof didn't work.
Call this a track to recovery? I need better insurance plan.
I see our time is almost up.
You were my destiny.
OK ... one more time ... you hear a rumble and a screech of brakes ... and then what?
Come back and fight! We'll bite off your caboose!
But we still have two days on our Metrocards.
Man! I would give my right arm to get on that train.
This way, your fear of my methods will eclipse your fear of the D train.
They dumped us.
I see you made the last Trump rally." "Yeah, he said he wants to get the country 'back on track'.
Three's the charm.
One more after this and we'll be able to meet our deductible.
Okay, featherbedding break is over.
Of course I support him, he knows what this country was found on - only the strong survive.
The ad said 'office space conveniently located near public transportation'
Most psychoanalysts would have predicted an F train again.
Well, hopefully this is the last time we get hit by the D
Trust me, I'm a trained psychologist
I am confident our pre-bandaging techniques will finally make us rich.
Here's to a speedy recovery.
Next time let's use my nightmare, OK?
I think this only worked in "Inception."
I prefer to call it full body training.
It's a draw!! You lost a leg, I lost and arm and it lost a wheel. Do you think the car has Medicare?
It’s just one damn train after another.
So you said that you were a therapist in "train-ing"?
At least we escaped the bus!
The insurance agent said get comfortable, he would be right back with a check.
I think our time is up.
This is a great place to relax for two or three minutes.
I love this movie.
Alright, let's try this again.
I haven't quite reached my annual deductible yet, how 'bout you?
Don't worry.. Insurance will pay for everything except the chairs
I think we've made some great breakthroughs today. Unfortunately, we are out of time.
This better work
I said staying on track for our bucket list, not getting on track.
I hate Tom for doing this to us
You said we would end up owning the railroad
Now that we've conquered your fear of skiing...
Don't worry; we're on the E train track.
I'm all for helping you confront your fears, but perhaps our third session could be in my office?
Maybe this time it'll satisfy our deductible.
Enough about me. What made you go into breakdancing?
So how long have you felt you were surrounded by idiots?
Actually this is not as bizarre as a train with no wheels on one side.
The D Train is being recalled to the station permanently. This is a perfect place for convalescence because a genius could create another HIGH LINE.
At least we don't have to worry about getting a seat.
If they ever approve a budget, this may become a problem.
D Train! I win again!
We're being held because of train traffic ahead of us.
We could use a transfer.
If this guy slams on the brakes too, I'm not doing this a third time, pact or no pact!
So tell me, for how long have you had this dream about being D-trained?
But, if they do back it up...
They'll stop? That's what you said last time!
And you said that rail is a thing of the past...
It's a bit early, but would you mind if I billed for the full hour?
I'm beginning to think this homeopathic regimen isn't working.
Medical euthanasia would have been less painful, don't you think?
I told you we should have never gone in the bar car!
'They ought to make it easier to tell the front from the back.'
It's the only place in the city where I feel completely safe.
At least we've met our deductible.
Are you beginning to see how your thoughts of suicide could be impactful outside of yourself?
I think it's time to go off the rails.
Some wrap party, where is everyone?
See Tracks? Think Train!
I told you to stay out of the bar car!
I think we're on the verge of a breakthrough.
So why do you feel we are all being railroaded?
Can you spell d-i-s-a-b-i-l-i-t-y !
Next time we Uber, ok?
Trust me, THIS time we're on the right side of the tracks.
Is there anything different about this train than the one you saw bearing down on us in our last session?
We'll give aversion therapy one last try.
I can't look to the left, is that train coming or going?
I'm upping your fee to 5k an hour.
The Donald Trump train picks up only idiots.
Now you know why the D train never runs on time.
And then it hit me.
I've got a really good feeling about THIS train.
Will their insurance pay this time?
As your therapist, I have a legal obligation to be here.
And in your dream, what happened to us after you saw this on-coming train?
Looks like our time is up.
Perfectly safe as long as you don't touch the third rail, why do you ask?
They warned me not to see a shrink below 81st.
Welcome to hospice.
Took a few tries, but I think we're finally on the right track.
So what else can happen to us?
This is the only traction covered by my insurance too...
5th time's the charm.
Well Doc, like I told you in our last session, I feel as if everyone is out to get me.
My guess would be there will not be a third time.
Welcome to the Trump Traumatic Recovery Wing!
I made eye contact.
The First Class to go Heaven.
I figure this will max out our deductible.
All right, full disclosure: I'm not really a psychiatrist.
That's the last time I take Uber.
Never yell 'FOOD FIGHT!' in the dining car.
I don't know Doc'... I'm beginning to suspect that this isn't the best way for me to get over my fear of trains...
I feel a breakthrough coming.
I think we need a better personal injury lawyer for these insurance scams.
And why do you think our sessions are doing more harm than good?
No, Mr. Coleman, I don't think 'trainwreck' is the right metaphor.
I dunno, Marty - what do you want to do tonight?
Now do you understand why they call it the crazy train?
One more round of desensitization should do it.
First, waterboarding. Now this.
Here comes the trai......
Do you think maybe the realtor was recommending tract housing?
This is the last time you talk me into a staycation.
Sorry, my train of thought is just all over the place.
My Exposure Therapy for fear of spiders worked like a charm!
Okay, fine. Maybe Marketing was right and "Subway Psychiatrist" should take place INSIDE the cars..."
Coney Island freak shows, here we come!
I think these sessions are going right on track.
I think we should try a simpler way of double suicide.
I think it's time we had another break.
Are you sure that's the back of the train?
Doc, I'm not sure this re-enactment therapy is the best idea....
Harry, Is the Train Coming or Going? If it's Coming We're in Big Trouble!
Nobody said exposure therapy was quick or easy, but trust me -- it works.
Again? C'mon, what're the odds?
I feel like a train wreck!
I have little doubt you could have found the words for these feelings.
Are you feeling run down?
I have a big beautiful plot reserved on cloud nine.
We'll get this 'exposure therapy' treatment in the next go 'round if it kills us.
'No worries. He forgot to draw wheels on one of the sides.'
Do you recall what happened the last time we sat out here?
Wow you were able to get front row seats for the D train again.....
It looks like we are having difficulty getting on the right track.
It's deja vu time. Let the fear abate and the healing begin.
Do you find the near miss less exhilarating than it once was?
Yet another failure in reconnaissance.
You say I am always in this recurring dream of yours?
At last I think I can say with confidence that your treatment is on the right track.
Big Apple ingenuity--not owning a car doesn't mean you can't play Chicken.
You're sure THIS time that the teleporter's batteries are fully charged?
You're overwhelmed with a feeling of déjà what?
Why couldn't you just pay the bar tab?!
Shouldn't we just buy a ticket?
Trust me - with insurance scams it's third time's the charm.
At least we're not on the third rail.
The only people who care about us are geeks who read the New Yorker Magazine jokes.
After that last fiasco, I never thought that we'd get back on track.
Your witty remarks about the nurses bandaging technique seem to have backfired.
See I told you, we get way better rays on the D Line!
I told you the wrapping was just a waste of time.
You know, I don't like to brag but...
I wasn't into rehab either.
Most of my patients have trust issues.
Don't worry, I'll only bill you we survive.
Remember, the train is more afraid of you than you are of it.
I see that our time is about up
It's rent controlled- now tell me more about your insecurities and anxieties.......
I'm afraid this may be our last session.
Exposure therapy only works if you want it to work.....and if you survive.
It's time to hop aboard.
I still can't figure out what I did wrong.
Are you sure we've met our deductible?
The lawyer called about our eminent domain appeal
Break time!
Getting the most out of universal healthcare.
Psychologically, we're making progress. But physically...
Don't worry, if you don't make it this time I won't bill you.
Don't worry, if you don't survive I won't bill.
I kept telling you: See something say something!
Roger, when are we going to stop fighting that imminent domain law suite?
Psychologically, we've made progress. Physically however...
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid? Yeah, that's a bit of a stretch.
Thank God for Obamacare!
To paraphrase Freud, sometimes a tunnel is just a tunnel.
In order for these sessions to work, we need to stay on track.
I told you it wasn't safe to steal those wheels.
You know, comparatively speaking, Obamacare really wasn’t that bad.
I think Freud maintained that by reliving the event a few times we can overcome the emotional trauma.
You should see his bookshelf on GoodReads. No wonder he hasn't gotten to the ADA.
The ad said great light and easy commute.
I think we're poised for another breakthrough.
'I feel confident that by the end of this session your fear of oncoming vehicles will have much abated.'
Our doctor-patient relationship is on the wrong track.
Isn't this a permanent solution to a temporary condition?
Exposure therapy takes time. But perhaps we should have started with your social anxieties.
Can't we find another way to get me in touch with my feelings?
Just waiting for the Malbec Train.
Wait, I'm getting that Déjà vu feeling.
...and why do you think you carry this sense of impending doom?
Sometimes, a train is just a train.
They say you need to get back on track for a full recovery.
How many times are we going to try this "face your fears" therapy?
This is the last time we use Airbnb.
My doctorate is from Harvard but I'm training in New York.
I continue to be haunted by my recent past.
Because F stood for faster doesn't mean D means delayed.
Look, it's missing one of its front wheels!
Are you sure this is what the doctor meant by our recovery being on track?
It's not piracy if it's 'Tracks of My Tears,' pronounced like 'chairs...'
But besides this, how are you?
I'll think twice before the next time I compliment someone's caboose.
What kind of rehab is this again?
Oh no, not another express!
What are the odds of this happening twice, right?
All my life I've felt like I've missed the train. All I've done is given myself front row seats.
How about we get a cabin this time?
They say this is the fastest track to the VA hospital.
whose your lawyer ?
We worked through the base jumping and rock climbing phobias. I think i can live with the train thing.
Do you ever feel like you are an accident waiting to happen?
The claims adjuster asked if our accident could be reenacted.
Here it comes again!
I told you. The look on the enginer's face makes it all worthwhile!
Front row - third baseline at the subway series. Are you kidding, what could be better?
It's true. Electromagnetic forces mend bones.
I'm not so sure about this trackupucture
So tell me, how often do you hear trains?
So this is the new CDC rules for pain control!
These disability payments really add up.
I wonder what the D stands for?
That's ridiculous, there no such thing as accident prone.
The "D" stands for "dignitas"...
It looks as if it will tip over soon
okay , here is how shock therapy works
We have to keep working on your fear of trains.
D is for Destiny man!
Guiness Book of World Records here we come. Yep, and a Darwin award! Give me a high five!
Something tells me Congress just voted on that bill extending MedEvac funding.
This is a handicap sitting zone.
I told you we're on the wrong track. This is the D train.
Nah, we have plenty of time it's an NJ Transit train
All the hospitals were out of network. And you?
Want to up the bet to ten bucks, who's got the better coverage ?
The good news is it's rent controlled but you have to watch for schedule changes.
I had a suggestion box in my old office. Number one complaint- not close enough to the train.
Maybe we should switch to the local.
As I hope you're coming to understand, your fear of rats is unfounded.
Another couple of sessions and you'll hardly remember the war.
I hope you are right that the D Train has better insurance.
Let's pick up where we left off last time, shall we?
It'd be kinda nice being in there right now wouldn't it?
We have more to worry about than being politically correct!
If you miss the "A" train You'll find you've missed the quickest way to Harlem.
I thought that "third rail" thing was simply a figure of speech.......
I must have read the weekend schedule.
They always return to the scene of the crime.
In our next session , we can cover how facing your fears is the key to happiness...
I told you the D train was always on schedule, you owe me five dollars.
Let me guess! Pelham 4-5-6?
Maybe we should just meet at a coffee shop, like everyone else?
We're going to cure your siderodromophobia or die trying!
Tragically, Manny and Jack yet again chose the side with wheels.
It's really best to face these fears head on...
It's only the D. I worry more about the El... Or worse yet, the F.
Can't believe it, another Express!
I'm starting to think that maybe trainspotting isn't the hobby for me.
I told you this was better than acupuncture. Nothing takes your mind off your woes like an incoming train.
That's what you meant by 'end of the line'.
Do you know what the odds are of getting struck by a train twice are.
I'm not sure we are striking the right way.
We shouldn't have complained. Maybe the waiting area is now too close to the train!
On the bright side, we found your ticket!
Does that D stand for doomed ?
They won't be able to deny us disability this time!
For our next session, I suggest we confront that issue head on instead.
This should satisfy the deductible.
Again ?!?!
Don't worry it's the local
I asked for which doctor's office has the shortest wait time.
And you were worried about the third rail
I'd rather be at a trump rally
I promise the "D" train does not symbolize your mother.
The Republicans say they are going to repeal Obama-Care, so lets get our money's worth!
THE RESORT FOR DEDICATED RAILROAD WORKERS ON DISABILITY
It's so much more fun when Johnny Knoxville does it.
The good news is, you're about to meet your deductible.
This is nothing compared to a Trump rally.
Exposure therapy can be hit-or-miss.
Yeah, 'Blood On The Tracks' was my favorite Dylan album too!
I'm beginning to think reliving your accident is doing more harm than good...
This wasn't the breakthrough I had in mind.
'Comfortable' I'll give them, but 'Accessible'?
It helps me keep track of when the hour's up.
Hair of the dog.
It sure is tough being a local guy in this express world.
Being in the National Truth or Dare Championships makes it all worthwhile.
when we last met, we were discussing Danny from work and certain... emasculating... comments he'd made about... your wife's... corn hole
Funnily enough Jung postulated a possible link between Deja Vu and dissociative identity disorder
I think a white noise machine might be a better choice.
Relax, we've got 25 minutes till E.
Are you SURE this is the High Line park?
To discourage patients from going over time. Which once again, you have.
I think we are really making progress with your mortality issues
"If you see something, say something." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
No more Uber trains for me.
That must have been painful for you.
I guess they fixed the signal problems.
Try to remember, when did you first have these thoughts of folie à deux.
My psychologist told me to face my fears.
I'm wondering if we considered our settlement demands carefully enough, Bob.
Safer than a Trump rally.
This should get 'er done.
Been feeling rundown as usual, doc.
Looks like breakneck speed to me, but we'll see.
Hey, technically, it's still a Park Avenue address.
So in that dream...did the train back up?
What's the worst that can happen?
The hopefully final meeting of the Hemlock Society will now come to order.
Don't worry Quantum Mechanics says we are here.
He said this is the only option our health plan covers.
Well, as Einstein said, 'Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.'
Maybe we should rethink this Airbnb, the location is great, but...
Ssshhh! You are breaking my train of thought!
We want more bathrooms and local stops for all.
I think one more session should cure your fear of subway trains.
I promise - This time we'll meet our deductible.
What do you suppose will happen if we touch that third rail?
They pay more if you have a pre-existing condition.
Not to worry honey---our insurgence covers pre-existing conditions.
I believe the D train is a bit early today......
I know we need the money but twice in one week?
No one said gentrification was easy.
An attempt to keep our recovery on track by taking vitamin D.
You go ahead. I'm waiting for the "A" train.
Weekend service is the worst.
I don't think this is a good palace to rest
Well, it looks like our time is up.
Riding the rails seems much more comfortable these days.
Perhaps next time we should try the High Line.
I'm out out of here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
According to the schedule, we're good here for another 2 hours and 7 minutes.
Don't take this lying down.
Oh no, this was supposed to be the 'B' line.
It's tough being an establishment Republican this year.
Be careful not to touch the third rail, I heard it could be fatal
Double Jeopardy starts...now!
Today I'm going to have to cut you off early.
I had a great job and a wonderful girlfriend in Paris, but I missed all this.
When does the damn local come?
When you said you wanted to eat at Subway, I thought you meant the other place.
Well my Human Cannonball days at Coney Island are over, but I still enjoy visiting.
I think we're at the point where we can put your fear of getting hit by a subway train to rest.
We've cured your fear of death!
There’s no better way to conquer your fear of injuries.
I'm feeling fine. How are you?
Looks like they fixed that switch
If facing your train phobia head-on fails again, we'll try some drugs.
I sometimes wonder if there was a catch to complaining about too much sun in our room.
Mr. Rogers, I believe we are finally getting somewhere with your fear of trains.
They say it's a short-lived rush.
Next vacation we're spending more than $2.75 each
I heard that.
Am I crazy to think this is a bad place for a psychiatrist's office, Doc?
I'm thinking sky diving next.
Jeez, another goddamn D Train.
There has to be a better way to fight overcrowded beaches.
Are you sure this is how David Blaine does it?
I've named my penis Mr. Bates.
I see that our time is up.
So how's training going?
I guess the subway strike is over earlier than you thought.
Shouldn't we have set up over there?
Projection: Not fast enough. Will only break my glasses.
I hear they're hiring at the airport.
Now, isn't this more exciting than rock climbing?
I wouldn't swear to it but I think we were in front last time.
Sounds like your inner critic again.
I vote we abandon this whole bucket list concept.
These seats cost an arm and a leg!
Don't worry, they're just testing the whistle on this one.
Tell me about your childhood very quickly.
You say you had concerns continuing after our first session. Let's explore that.
See, I told you Harold we are in the right spot-"keep going down the steps, turn right , and look for the sign that says 'D wing' and you will be at the physical therapy department".
The D train is never this reliable.
I should really have bought insurance.
All aboard the pit-D train
What was I saying? I lost my train of thought.
Spring break therapist
Who the hell booked this re-match?
Finally!
Sit back. Relax. La Donald will come to you!
I think it's Tuesday.
Siderodromophobia is a tough nut to crack, Mr. Jenkins.
I told you there was a light at the end of the tunnel.
Now hold that train of thought.
How 'bout those Mets?
So you see, soderodromophobia isn't just a type of paranoia.
This time they won't be able to cover their tracks.
Wait! I THINK I remembered the air brakes this time.....
Now we're gonna get bandage lines on our tan
I spy with my little eye...
That was a tough crowd at the Trump Rally!
I think I liked the furniture better the way it was.
Great session, Bob. But unfortunately, our time is up.
This is the part of the therapy where you face your fears.
Practice makes perfect
This particular painting best represents his blank canvas phase.
Sometimes, a subway train is just a subway train.
I "I'm beginning to regret that 'Doctors without MetroCards' joke I made at the ER.
Challenging yourself can be highly therapeutic.
So, in your dream you have us sitting on a subway track with the 7:14 express headed our way. I can't be sure, but I interpret the dream as a dramatic, yet relevant expression of your fears concerning your last check bouncing."
Bob, our relationship is really going off the rails.
Our health insurance does not cover ambulance service to take us out of here!
To management, "Request additional 6 months sick leave, starting tomorrow."
Well, therapy can be painful sometimes.
See? It obviously wan't your fault; no wheels.
So then I said " I' ll show you tracks, son"
How's this for a PSA?
Living on the D line has its drawbacks.
This time? Jennifer's tuition.
They say this upholstery will stand up to anything.
We'll be fine, it's the D train it'll be out of service for at least an hour.
If we don't reach our deductible this time, I give up.
Next, we'll confront your fear of falling.
It feels like our relationship left the rails a long time ago.
Them's the brakes.
The beaten in their natural habitat, the beaten path.
I'm beginning to question the wisdom of LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION
"How many times must I prove to you that MASS times ACCELERATION equals FORCE?
Ready to try again?
Oh well. See you on the other side!
Home Alone 6 \0/
Cast for "Murder on the Orient Express", you say?
I think we need to address your death wish first and maybe work on the train fetish later.
In an overreaching effort to fully empathize, Bob's therapist bandaged up and relocated their session to the scene of the accident.
Good thing we don't have jobs, cuz protesting is hard work.
I feel your pain, Charlie.
Charlie, this workman’s comp fraud scheme is getting a little out of hand, doncha think?
Looks like we’re out of time today ....
At least we have seats for the rush hour commute.
It looks like our hour is up.
Ugh, not this again... No, Bob, I don't hear anything.
The Grim Reaper always rides the D train - it's an express.
Do you believe in premonitions?
Stunt work is all it's cracked up to be.
And another thing--I'm voting for Trump!
This last treatment should finally put and end to your fear of trains
Looks like we're running a bit late again ....
And here I thought we were finally on the right track...
Did you check the train schedule?
Break time is about over.
Where are we going next?
Watch that third rail. You could get hurt.
This time remember! We go on 3!
I know healthcare is free now, but is it too soon after our picnic on the runway? I wouldn't want to abuse the system...
Pulling Tolstoy with class.
You and your outside dineing request.
At least I'll still have my personality.
Still better than a sick passenger on the train ahead.
We should have taken the express the first time around.
Well she didn't say not to 'lounge' in the subway, 'darling' - but I guess that was implied. (Petula Clark reference - GOOGLE it).
At least we aren't on the third rail.
New York's bad infrastructure is really affecting my quality of death
I'm so tired of this. Here it comes again.
"D"etails matter.
I would have lost that bet.
So, how do you like my new mantransit cave?
Now where were we? Ah, yes. Feelings of being steamrolled.
I laugh in the face of D...
I wish the F wasn't down.
I've got a great P.I. lawyer if the D train doesn't stop here.
Well yes, your dreams certainly are realistic
I can't shake this feeling of dread, again.
It figures. The one time the D train is on schedule.
Couch or coach ?
I'm going downtown--on the express.
Solidarity, my foot...no sit-down strike was meant to go this far.
I think we're both suffering from a one-track mind.
Tell me about your biggest fear.
Does the train seem to be smiling?
Maybe we should go back to being Batman and Robin
D-Day, Part Two.
How come you always get the comfy seat?
'Tunnel vision' is derailing my marriage, Doc! I feel broken.
I'm damn tired of these flashbacks.
Doctor, I went along with your fear of heights therapy, but I’m having second thought about this.
Whoops! Almost touched the third rail there.
Tell me again--how this will make us rich.
Our last session of systematic desensitization of my fear of trains proves you are taking my "therapy" a little too seriously.
Sometimes I just feel like we're at the end of the line
I don't get it. Why would the insurance company have us wait here?
Seems the emergency brakes have failed again.
Spinal D Compression Traction
I don't appreciate the implication in the label "train chaser".
And what does this 'big train' remind you of?
My best panhandling scheme yet. Just give them a little more time.
It wasn't going to be on time anyway
Well, this is another fine mess you've gotten us into.
I did not see that coming...the "D" train on the IRT tracks!
I really need to get an office.
Well, it looks as though our hour is just about up.
-There you go, I just lost my train of thought.
What's it mean when the shrink really identifies with the patient?
No, I'm not feeling suicidal. Are you feeling suicidal?
I'm not sure everything is better with alcohol.
Well, I see that our time has run out.
Being in training is harder than I thought.
Uber is sending the biggest thing they have.
I've gotta say, the new "Happy Patient Virtual Reality Console" is very realistic, but they should really go in a different direction with the content.
So the other day, my boss threw me under the bus.
It's painful for me too, but this won't work unless we stay on track.
They call it anticipatory medicine.
Yeah, I suppose you could call it an obsession.
I'm beginning to think that she was lying when she said this was a safe space...
People can learn, you know.
I told you it wasn't a local.
Those Emergency Ward doctors and nurses got us back out here incredibly quickly!
This is the only way your insurance will cover our sessions.
You know what Ed, one of these days we will catch a break...
We really should move our seats.
I don't think I like this the new Medicare Part D prescription plan.
I sure hope Timmy gets the shot this time.
Sorry Doc, I lost my train of thought...wait no, there it is
Okay, this is the last item on our bucket list.
Yeah, but it's still safer than playing football.
I hear the food is pretty good at Bellevue. It will sure beat living on the train.
Do you think this will hurt?
I prefer F train.
Break a leg!
I warned you I was a train wreck waiting to happen.
I told you we should have taken the A train.
We can only be pushed so far.
I think I finally know what the "D" stands for.
What pre-existing conditions?
Sometimes I wish we had taken the buy out that the city offered.
The ad said, "open layout and close to the train."
Like I've said, don't worry...we have a easement.
Now, where were we?
Who was it again who said, "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results?"
By my reckoning, we've got about five minutes to get through rehab before the next one comes by.
I figure this is safer than out in front like last time.
It would be the last time either of them said "What could possibly go wrong?"
(Sound of train screeching to a halt) "Previously on Subway Post-Op..."
Don't use your pain as a crutch
Would you PLEASE stop singing Folsom Prison Blues!
No problem, we're at 206th street.
The Lawyer said it will help our case!
I know I need to quit this, but I'm not sure I've hit 'rock bottom' yet.
I know she has a tendency to roll-over you, but lets see if we can get this relationship back on track.
Only you would pick train dummy over car dummy.
I wonder what's keeping Superman?
You said there'd be wheels.
And you say it never gets to Coney Island?
I know you think I'm crazy, but I have this déjà vu sensation again...
?? "Pardon me, boy, is that the Chattanooga choo-choo?" ??
You're right. This is much faster than skiing.
Can't you see why we can't meet here....
Train surfing is for chickens
It might be the meds, but I just had déjà vu
Did you leave a note for the therapist?
There's no way we'll be struck twice.
I guess we taught it a lesson it won't forget.
I guess this is what they mean by double jeopardy
As Dorothy Parker said, 'The Bronx, no thonx.'
Shangri-la, Really-la!
Now that's a fast HMO Express!
I heard that if you got hit again, your body would balance itself out.
The important thing is that we've learned something...
Barry, It's cheaper than amputation by a surgeon.
I really hate exposure therapy.
Well, they did say that the lounge was at the back of the train.
Your hallucinations just got a lot worse.
I hope this is just another one of your dreams.
Hey, what do you know? The city actually does have money to run this train!
Okay, quit derailing the conversation!
Are you sure we have the right train THIS time? Yeah, you're gonna love spring break in a Miami hospital dude!
I'm just saying,how many times do we have to go through your bucket list?
These sitdown strikes sure have improved.
This time, are you sure, sure, sure the train is about to leave, not back up?
I think we are making progress. I'll see you next week.
Sit and relax you said. Ollie, here's another fine mess you've gotten me into!
Trust me. This is the way to cure your fear of subways.
Sometimes, I just feel accident-prone.
I am glad we are off-we could have been injured?
Thanks Obamacare.
Just sit back and enjoy the ride.
I've always preferred light rail.
I'm pretty sure we are at the end of our sessions.
Maybe we'll finally meet our deductible.
Oops!
It's what you take away from the experience that counts.
This re-enactment may help the jury, but where will it land us?
We should probably get goin'.
If those suckers lived here they'd be home by now!
So, I said, pay a little more and get the lower deductible, but no... she says the rates are too high as it is.
Is it me, or has it been a while since I laughed at a New Yorker cartoon?
The question we have to ask ourselves is, 'Have we learned anything?'
Amtrak costs an arm and a leg these days.
Wait. Maybe it's lightning that doesn't strike twice.
Hey, the D train is on time fore once. Go figure.
They say three's the charm.
And you're sure you haven't heard back from Uber?
People complain therapy lasts a lifetime, but with my method we're done in just a few sessions.
When we get there, I'll take you to Nathan's.
Believe me, death is cheaper.
Luckily, we are time travelers.
I always say "If at first you don't succeed"
The air down here is going to kill us one of these days.
They ran us over once and I thought that would be the end of it.
Surely there's got to be an easier way to proof the kid's algebra homework, Terry?
No worries. I was captain of my high school chicken team.
The good news is that the math is on our side...big time.
This Obamacare has gone way too far
Don't you hate it when the express train is on time?
I don't care how crude he is or who he insults: He says he'll keep the trains running on time.
No problem. That's the end of the line. It never gets this far.
Well, Mr. Boswell, I'm afraid we may have once again strayed into a dangerous patient-therapist boundary area.
Look Doc, I DO want to face my fears, but when I spoke of the light at the end of the tunnel, this is not what I meant.
So, how's your lawsuit going?
Jezz, those wheels look less painful.
Other than some minor loss of peripheral vision, my doctor says I'll make a complete recovery.
Unless this is the outbound track I think that we may be in for bigger problems.
I hate to say 'I told you so,' but you just had to vote for a candidate who promised to cut Medicare.
Tell me more about this tunnel...
Our Die is Cast
I feel like this exposure therapy thing is actually beginning to work.
Perhaps we should reconsider exposure therapy.
Watch where your going train! Man trains just don't have respect for people anymore.
I told you to Take the A-Train.
I'll remind you that I HAD a nice office until your last aversion therapy session!
I love life on the fast track.
Imagine if the damn thing had been on time.
I hope we get seats together.
It's really rough being an adrenaline junkie.
Looks like our time is up for today.
If you hum that tune one more time I think we can figure this out.
In our second meeting of the Lazy Person's Fight Club, we rumble with the D train.
It was either this or living off welfare
This is us.
Let's try one more time to revisit your subway-phobia.
Every time we get comfortable....
After this, we transfer to the B at West 4th.
Might as well add "flat" to "broke."
Are you sure we're on the right track?
You've had your office here, what, seven years now? And I'm the crazy one?
Darn, Danny!Back at it again with the white train.
We've got to stop meeting like this.
ON SECOND THOUGHT, I THINK THIS IS A REALLY STUPID IDEA.
I find the vibrations extremely relaxing.
tell me once again about your fear of trains.
Are you sure this is how exposure therapy works doctor?
He did say it was "On the D-train".
I hear there are delays on the A at Canal.
I think you're afraid of confrontation
So now that Scalia's gone, how's the Supreme Court gonna rule in Idiots vs MTA?
The doctor said it would be good to get fresh air.".
Would you please quit whistling "Get on the Right Track, Baby"?
I want to thank you for sticking with me through this office move.
Are you sure that was an R&R sign?
Look on the bright side, we no longer put up with these bandages.
Looks like our careers as stuntmen maybe coming to an end.
I said get on track or you're headed for a tran wreck, but I clearly said don't involve me.
You're my shrink, you should appreciate an unnatural fear of the D train.
So glad we got off the D train, Harry. Who, exactly, told you to add spontaneity to our marriage?!
How do we know this isn't Virtual Reality?
That sign says D train. You told me we were here for the Punch Line.
I think we can qualify for half-fare now.
Now, this time are you sure that this is the northbound train?
Do you still want a second opinion?
You call this progress?
But you also said the truck was just one of my delusions.
And then we wake up......Right?
This time we're going to get REALLY BIG compensation!"
You sure this is the best way to get worker's comp?
I thought you said this was going to be the A Train...
See. I told you Trump's universal health care plan had lots of fatal flaws.
We miss everything!!!!!
This didn't work out last time either.
Here she is, right on time.
I love living at the last stop. You don't have to rush to catch the train. It always travels in your direction.
Third time's a charm, right Phil?
Where's the TV?
But on the other hand it is convenient,
Retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Why move? It's an easy commute.
Feels like deja vu all over again.
The Broken Boneyard
I`m not going to rail about living on the tracks.
It is a boo-boo choo-choo.
One last settlement – to make sure we’re comfortable.
This time, by God, they will let us on the train!
Do you still want to grab some beers when our shift is over?
Did you ever think that D is for dummy?....
Yeah, D is for disabled, but we'll be back on track in afew weeks.
I think we're on the wrong track.
Another round of gambling therapy? We're due for a win!
Be careful...don't touch the third rail
Forget trolleys and streetcars. It's all about trains.
This is stupid, Rex. Assisted suicide is legal in this state.
It turned out that our insurance claim is invalid unless we get a statement from the driver.
Since our last session, would you say your fear of trains has increased or decreased?
I like the exposed brick
Now how does one conquer their fears? Head on.
This is not a caption, it is a comment: I am sorry, but being French, and after what happened in Brussels yesterday, nothing can be funny about that. PLEASE REMOVE this week's drawing contest.
Featherbeding can be crippling.
This should help relieve your trainophobia.
I think we've covered this issue enough.
We fall down the steps reading our New Yorker and this is how they make an example of us??
I'm not entirely sure this is what they meant by getting "back on track."
My diagnosis is Siderodromophobia, Mr. Bailey. Take the bus next time.
I always wondered what it would be like to have a quick fix!
They tried to make me go to rehab. I said "No, no, no."
Now that we've conquered your fear of skydiving, let's work on your fear of trains!
Somehow, I feel like an accident just waiting to happen.
Why does it matter Donald, they already blew up the Train?
Huh. Train's late.
So you forgot the remote again?
I'd like to step out of your nightmare for just a moment.
Are you sure that's a Timex?
"Easy come,easy go".
Relax, we're taking the 'A' train.
Let's see the insurance adjuster pull that 'pre-existing condition' crap on us now!
Good news, Sam. The C train took care of our annual deductible.
Mikey the Slipper's "Shrink and Fall" session was almost out of time.
If this doesn't work, we'll try poison.
There were more people at our last meeting.
When id your fascination with planes first reveal itself to you?
It's probably a bad time to tell you that I lost the video of us jumping.
Is this the best way to catch the train?
How did that make you feel?
Still horny for our 'golden' years?
And you said things were looking up.
Next stop is heartache.
After what Obama did to us, how could Hillary be any worse?
Remind me again — this train goes to the hospital, right?
Dammit. Another D train.
You said 'Take the D train! Take the D Train!
Looks like they boarded the hobos instead.
Are you absolutely sure eminent domain works like this?
So this is Medicare Part D!
I guess we missed thr Club Car.
It's hard to die.
Exposure therapy is not for everyone.
Why did they get rid of the caboose
Wait for it. Wait for it...
I think this is our stop
... and not only that, it makes really weird tan lines.
This is the only "surge pricing" I can afford.
The good news is this one stopped. The bad news is that we want the 'C' train.
I'm hearing you're right on track for that promotion...
Cost an arm and a leg.
My disability has almost run out.
Next stop: that Grand Concourse in the sky.
I think I got my lines wrong.
I wonder what the wealther will be like tomorrow?
Busking on the tracks isn't as lucrative as it used to be back in the old days...
Patient exhibits signs of derailment. What color tie should I wear tomorrow?
This should increase our chances of a higher disability check.
They're not gaining on us!
I guess I misunderstood - I thought they said I was fighting "MMA" when it was actually "MTA"...
How'd that miss?
The Doctor told us how lucky we were ...
This new company training program is costing me an arm and a leg.
It's early, AGAIN!
I'm going for full retirement - last time the jury only awarded me half million dollars.
We may have gone too far with you confronting your fear of trains.
Thank God for Obamacare! Only other choice is Canada....huh....matter of fact does that train go that far north?
This lounge set really is comfortable.
Well, here it comes... better late than never!
I feel we're on track for a speedy recovery.
The D train is late today.
And I was just getting comfortable.
Are you certain the furniture isn't going to get in the way this time?
You seem to be overly fixated on this 'fear of trains.'
I don't forsee that being an issue. But, I'm not exactly known for my foresight.
When did you first notice these "feelings" ?
Might as well enjoy while we can.
Are you sure this is what the doctor meant by being in traction?
I think this election year preparation might be too easy.
You paint a very vivid picture.
Well, I guess there are worse things that could happen.
At least it's on time.
Have you considered a visit to your happy place?
Feel the burn?
Quite frankly, it is the noise that bothers me the most.
I'll get up in a minute.
How many 'likes' do you think will get on our Facebook page?
Don't Move !
I so enjoy this frequent rider lounge.
Ok, who's the wise guy with the eraser?
I’d say belly-boarding trains have seen their heyday.
I guarantee this time will be different
Just get us out of our misery please
Just like clockwork...
Oh God, here we go again.
Is that the front or back of the train? Why does it have no wheels on one side?
Don't tell me where on the uptown tracks.
Nuts, the 6:10 is early again.
This is The MTA with an important message: There has been a regression on the track.
If he backs up, our health care insurance carrier will drop us for sure.
A light at the end of the tunnel indeed. Be careful what you wish for...
...I got $20,000. You?
So when you said you have an irrational fear of subways B, L and T you were talking about a sandwich?
Studies still show mass transit is safer than our cars.
I paid extra for the lounge car.
Would you mind switching seats?
Well, you were late Bob - it's Spring forward. The good seats in front of the train were taken.
wow-it sure was lucky we were hit by the train on the way to the orthopedic surgery conference
What do you say next trip we skip the Club Car!
You said the B line, right Ralph?
We just can't catch a break.
Thanks Obama.
When it starts, what if it's going away from us?
Train Man's Holiday
Whose idea was it to play Blind Man's Bluff?
Let' explore this recurring nightmare of yours.
Sorry—I got priced out of the A tunnel.
Maybe this immersive psychiatry thing wasn't such a good idea after all.
Sometimes, Tom, a train really is just a train.
Wouldn't it just be easier to touch the third rail?
So, how do you like my mansit cave?
Well, he did say he would tear up Obamacare on his first day in office.
...and do you see the train as your id or your ego?
I suppose it's too late to call 9-1-1.
I'm not sure about this Obamacare outpatient treatment...
I thought it would never come.
Yes, it's a risk, but think of how exciting it is to live on the West Side!
Hey, what happened to the wheels on the right side?
Trust me Art this is going to be much easier than base jumping!
Maybe we should move; it's 'way too noisy here.
Why don't we continue our session tomorrow in the ICU.
I thought our Orthopod drove a Benz.
This Augmented Reality tech is brilliant.
These sessions are becoming a train wreck.
" I told you four years ago, they don't do whistle stops in the subway'
Maybe we should call it The Breaking of Pelham 1 2 3
Can you believe this weather we're having?
And this is still safer than a Trump rally.
The listing said it was 'railroad style'
Did we irritate someone? Why did they leave us here?
According to my financial advisor, this is the only I get to retire before 60.
Are you sure ObamaCare will cover this?
Yep, it's all about being mindful and noticing.
I thought that was the end of it.
the two guys are sitting on a chair and waiting to die because the train would come over them and kill them.
Uhh, do we have a back-up plan?
Think ya used enough dynamite there, Butch?
Even the wrong side of the tracks would be better than this.
I guess we shouldn't have told her the sandwiches were soggy.
Are you sure this is the best way to get train watching into the X Games?
I double-checked the schedule. This time we'll have the whole hour.
But it's rent controlled.
For the next visit, let's focus on reducing stress.
Psychoanalytic training.
Well sure this is a train wreck but you should have seen my last relationship.
We'll have to wrap up now: here comes my 10 o'clock.
My big shot brother is into extreme sports so I thought for once I'd outdo him.
This session is over at 4:17pm.
You can never admit you're wrong, can you?
Oh come on! What are the odds of the same thing happening twice in the same week?
I thought you said the ER not the IRT!
I hope they fixed those back up lights.
They say lightning never strikes twice.
We ran over!
Hey, Uber didn't work so great in the beginning either.
Doc, I admit the Fight Club therapy sessions were good, but I think we're on the wrong track with this one...
I know this costs an arm and a leg but we're really making progress.
You think we would have learned the first time
I think I'd like to get a second opinion on this 'Impact Therapy'...
Do I believe in miracles? Why do you even ask?
You'll get used to the noise.
Dont worry. It's the Long Island Railroad so we are safe this time.
Knowing what kind of a temper Cheney has, you still had to mention the missing wheels.
I said Travelby coach, not couch!
I'm getting a bit bored with this Close Call® Time Travel, Jim. After the asteroid impact and that drowning islands scenario isn't this one kind of anticlimactic?
We've been watching too many Disney movies.
Visiting hours are every 12 minutes.
Let's rail against D end of D line.
Where'd the TV go?
It may be time to give up and accept eminent domain.
Well the union contract did say we could take our breaks in the lounge...
If this doesn't work out, we're waiting at the platform next time.
I thought crash test dummies were supposed to be inside the vehicle.
Hombre , it's not the speed , it' the direction ...
Sorry, I lost my train of thought.
I feel my research on behavioral re-enactment therapy is coming to an end.
This should finally get us past our insurance deductibles.
That may stand for deja vu--and what's gonna happen this time to us.
I guess this is what they mean by 'sub standard' healthcare.
They said the room was available.....and close to public transportation.
Shall we pick it up where we left off last week?
I told you the A train wouldn't do the job properly.
It appears as though we're running out of time.
Whatever you do, don't touch the third rail.
I'll have to talk to my real estate agent about the term "other side of the track."
Do you ever think of dying?
Staying on track can be such a bummer.
The Lord is my shepherd...............
It's those kinds of negative statements that bring pain and suffering into existence.
Stick us in front of a fast moving train once –well shame on them! Stick us here twice….
we'd best be moving along before the cartoonist finishes putting wheels on that subway car
Face it Lenny, insurance fraud is in our blood.
move the engine back a bit Fred,you can see it in the frame!!!
And to think, we paid almost a million for this view.
How can I open up? I still don't feel comfortable in your office.
Talk about feeling like The Wreck of the Hesperus.
This train fare costs an arm and a leg.
Whew! It's on time.
It's okay, I have insurance.
One more session aught to be enough to overcome your fear of trains.
As far back as I can remember, my mom would always say "Tommy, you just never learn, do you?"
We should have taken the A train.
Thank God it's Friday.
Remember, be mindful of the third rail.
I can do this all day, you know!
Won't be long now.
Too bad we're missing Meatless Monday.
Give me your tired, poor, broken, wretched refuse, homeless, recession-tossed, teeming city.
You're making great progress John. I think we can talk politics again.
See - it can't be real if it doesn't have wheels in both sides.
Doc, this is the perfect location to talk about my past!
There are a lot of New Yorker cartoons about therapy. Here's one.
They must be improving service!
Let's call it 'Twentieth century death with dignity.'
So let's talk about your irrational fear of trains.
My HMO assures me this is a highly cost-effective protocol for cast removal.
I'm telling you...The NTSB said that all he had was a poppy seed bagel.
This isn't bad...you should see how workman's comp works in my country.
Retraining. You?
Let's go back to your over-reliance on similes...
Just missed us!
I'm glad we signed up for the Dr. Kevorkian plan.
It pains me to say it, but this is the end of D line.
You're right. It's right on time this morning.
I would prefer the 'A' train.
Another untimely end
still better than flying.
Are you still having that recurring dream about a light at the end of a tunnel?
OK, let's see if you can focus and then get back on the right track.
"This week's cartoon is brought to you by the letter "D". Can you say "dummies"?
If this video doesn't go viral on YouTube, I may need to go back to work.
The menu on this train is offers duck or squash. Your choice.
Let's hope it stops this time.
Can't say we didn't try.
Who says NFL players have a problem with foreseeable consequences?
I thought deja vu all over again was supposed to be funny.
This is not a healthy addiction.
Let's continue where we left off last time...you were talking about your sense of doom, hmm?
I know it's been hard, but your treatment is right on track.
Interesting. And why do you think you'd feel safer next time on the side without wheels?
Trying to save the $2.75 fare for that Coney Island hot dog will kill us for sure.
... and how does that make you feel
You should have seen my rate at the last office.
Not to worry; Accident Prone Disorder is my specialty.
I thought you said the D didn't run on Easter.
Trust me, immersion therapy is the only cure for siderodromophob…
I'm beginning to have second thoughts on your exposure therapy.
When the conservatives said that they will derail Obamacare, I did not realize that they meant it literally.
I'm trying to live more in the moment.
I'm telling you, if you sue, you won't have a leg to stand on.
We'll be at Coney Island in no time.
Getting your life back on track is gonna kill me.
The 5:24 is right on time--unfortunately.
We've got to wrap this session up.
Are you sure we are at the right end?
The F train hits with sharp, steely chutzpah, but I prefer the mellow crunchiness of the D.
I guess my fear of touching the third rail has been alleviated, but my overall sense of anxiety is increasing!
If train D leaves the Chicago at 8:00 and train B leaves Boston at 10:00 which one will reach us first? Didn't we get this one wrong last time????
So, in our last session we discussed wish fulfillment.
No, D does not stand for Delightful
I'm considering retirement.
They said we should take the A train
I told you ObamaCare wouldn't end well.
It's the new way of testing operators' response time.
I'm betting that THIS TIME, it's finally going to chicken out.
The protest of the 2nd Avenue line hasn't gone as planned.
As I've said before, the only way to deal with a phobia is to confront it head on.
So, Mr. Train, Please describe your fear of metro's.
The Airbnb listing did say 'close to transportation.'
Could be worse, we could be in Belgium.
The morpheme's wearing off.
With this one we should have enough to retire.
At least he's in-network.
How many rounds is a game of chicken supposed to last?
That ride cost us some arms and some legs.
Service at bit rushed. 3 stars.
Your the one that got his arm caught in the emergency stop, not me!
I just think we make the same mistakes over and over again.
You see, Mr. Smith, I meant it when I said I'd rid you of your fear of the D train even if it's the last thing I do.
Good thing the transit workers are on strike this week.
What made you think this would be an extension of the High Line?
The doctor said to stay on track and we should heal just fine
So much of life is just down to luck.
I just feel, Nathan, that we're not quite on the right track with your therapy.
This is a tough way to meet our deductible.
Sticks and stones will break my bones but trains will never hurt me.
I don't know... it just seems easier than having to work.
Don't touch that third rail.
That's our time.
Yup, life is good; we can't even jump on the 'D' train.
I know it's risky, but you really can't beat the view.
I still say the exposed brick walls are worth it.
I agree, your delusion does seem very real.
If you see something, say something.
I'd like to discuss with you a better way of dealing with your nightmares
Well you're certainly on track to recovery.
Are you sure you signed up for Obamacare?
I don't see things getting any WORSE! Do you?
Allahu akbar!
Let's go, Uber just came
Say what you want about the ACA - that was the fastest medical care ever.
"I always said you'd do anything for the D".
My pain management doctor says I'm on the right track to recovery.
We'll have to change at 145th street to the "A" to get to Presbyterian Medical Center on 168th street.
Get ready for the mother of all repetitive motion injuries.
Quick! We need to derail your train of thought!
Is this your idea of aversion therapy?
Still, it's less crowded than the Highline.
Were going to start a group action cliam
Ten bucks says it goes forward this time.
This should be beach front by 2020
[Client] I have this reoccurring nightmare where I'm about to get hit by a train... [Doctor] Nothing a little exposure therapy can't fix.
On second thought, I don't find your fear of trains unhealthy
Have they not heard of "No Man Left Behind"!
Your therapy is right on track.
Betcha they put the other wheels on before we heal.
My doctor says I'll be able to get out of rehab real soon!
We still gonna lounge on the E train tracks tomorrow?
What's that noise?
Next week let's try returning to your comfort zone.
So I guess next week it's automobiles ?
I'm sure glad our year of living dangerously is almost over.
Being a Crash Test Dummy isn't the same as the brochure describes.
Our transportation has arrived......
It's fine, the circle means it's local.
I'm not sure heckling The Donald is worth the risk.
How do I know that after the duplicate experiment you won't want a triplicate?
Next we'll tackle your fear of skydiving.
See? Doesn't it feel good to face things head on?
I thought this was supposed to be pain therapy not train therapy!
That blast of air before impact is quite refreshing.
Finally, the delay is over.
I'm beginning to wonder if your sense of foreboding is more than mere resistance to my ground-breaking therapy.
I say, "Let's give it another 30 minutes, then we'll do the numbers"
Tell me more about your deja vue.
This time it will be different. This is the D train express.
Suddenly, being on the wrong side of the tracks doesn't sound so bad!
Let's hope it works this time.
I'm skeptical.
I'm getting the whistling sound in my ear again.
I feel like I'll never get my life back on track.
I love to go to sleep listening to the sound of trains in the distance.
If we miss the D, the B is eight minutes out.
They did say that trainees would be taking care of us.
Are you sure they said to wait here for the worker's comp guy?
I told you that with enough trial and error we'd find the end of the line.
The 'limited' transportation option had a lower deductible.
Mmm, I'm feeling a little run down too.
I'm not thrilled with your timing.
...and still, not even a scratch on this new line of train-proof furniture.
How many times do we have to go over this, Chuck? If a train leaves the station at 9:15 AM and there are...
Doctor, my nightmares are getting more & more realistic.
More like D for "death," am I right?!
Thankfully, the doctor put us on the fast track to recovery.
A more proactive approach to patient care, my foot, but the HMO insists.
Should we call the book "Bad Breaks" or "Bad Brakes?"
The first attempt didn't help my suicidal tendencies, but I respect your diligence.
All I said was that neither of us would vote for Trump.
Now we'll see if 'train' is as reliable a signifier as 'cliff.'
Guess we didn't pass the Bechdel test?
I warned you about putting the TV in a high-traffic area.
Obamacare works!
I'm starting to wish you'd responded to guided image therapy
Looks like we've run over again.
Well, we dodged a bullet there!
Is this the train waiting for the wrecks that have already happened?
They say the second time is less painful.
Relax. My GPS is almost always correct.
I've heard about experimental treatment, but this is a train wreck!
I always had a feeling we were from the wrong side of the track's.
I still have that feeling of impending doom.
So Doc, you say dream interpretation is your specialty?
I think I finally understand the meaning of the word "irony".
D train's a mite early today.
Do you think the D stands for detrimental?
Well, Gary, let's hope the third time's the charm for these life insurance policies.
It's not the office visit, it's the commute that's killing me.
I just called the doctor - he says we're on track to get much worse.
once again, David Brooks wrote a column that many people thought was insufferably smug!
Are you sure we are on the right track to recovery?
the new armchair traveling
I didn't know it was that kind of crash course.
Dear God, keep us safe...just as you always have. Amen
You idiot! I said I wanted to go TO Subway!
This is the worst man cave ever.
We can't afford to go anywhere this year, so we are taking this railroad holiday.
This D Train thing was a disaster for our friendship then, and still is!
Remember the time we had to jump off a trestle and only suffered a broken nose.
Dis is da life, huh!
What doesn't kill you...
Well Jim, looks like we picked the wrong place to convalesce.
I really should have sent you to a hypnotist
Careful of the third rail. It's very dangerous.
Leave nothing to my wife.
Assuming you survive the therapy, your risk addiction will be cured. Assuming you survive the therapy, your risk addiction will be cured.
You're positive Guinness has a record for this?!
Oh! Cherish this crushing, D trains are rare!
Do you feel a breeze
This train almost never backs up. In fact, I've only seen it do that once.
I thought you said this was the B line.
When did the clocks change?
Are you sure Medicare Part D will cover this event?
If this doesn't work, we'll try a Trump rally again.
I'm afraid this will be our last session, Mr. Smith.
At least we're not at work.
On-site treatment of siderodromophobia has its drawbacks.
I don't know how they missed us that time.
'The subways are much safer than they used to be.'
Whoops, looks like our session ran a little long again.
Give me your tired, poor, broken, wretched, homeless, recession-tossed.
I don't think it matters that it's "only a local."
Are you sure this is an express train....?
Remember when the subway was safe?
Trump kept his promise. The trains run on time!
Oh, great, it's the local.
This isn't going to work. It was the A train in my dream.
Might get a little chilly at night but wait til they crank her up, it's positively invigorating.
You still think we're on the right track?
I thought you said this was the caboose.
Next, we should try the E train.
Oh Crap! Not again.
It gets ya comin' and goin'.
This better work THIS time or you're a dead man. Actually...
Now I know what the light at the end of the tunnel really was.
This is the only thing that alleviates my depression.
I guess living on the other side of the tracks isn't any better
I don't think this is the pool deck, Kenny....
o.k. now, this time its foolproof. I guarantee we'll get a good lawsuit out of this.
are you sure this is the only way we will get coverage?
Is this where Trump, going to rail us ????with the D????
Why are we here? i mean in the metaphysical sense?
BOB MANKOFF
I'm afraid we've run over again.
Now, let's see if New York understands installation art.
Unfortunately it looks like our time is just about up.
Now remember, Sean ... 'no pain, no gain'
Remind me again; What is it we're protesting?
And 'D' is for--
This will surely get our minds on track
I told you to find a place near the D Line, not on the D Line!
Wow, the cow-catcher does make a difference!
Well, in his defense, that realtor did say that we would be close to the subway.
So that's what was causing all the rumbling.
Man vs. Train: The Final Episode
I think I need to raise my rates
Free appendectomy here we come!
You wait till now to tell me their liability insurance is capped?
If it works this time, you'll never fear trains again!
I know we should move; that's all you ever talk about. You have a one track mind.
Something tells me we're on the wrong track once again.
I prefer the sex dreams.
I am sure train therapy is killing me!
The train told us to detrain the D train.
Life is good...
For the last time, the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
I never promised that living on the wrong side of the tracks would be a rose garden!
I think our last gig was too risky
I guess the city paid the electric bill this month
These vacations were much worse before Obamacare.
We got off real lucky, Ernest Borgnine might have been on duty.
Earl, did you remember to turn off the lights?
Regardless of the circumstances it's Obama's fault.
I hope you pulled the hand break this time......
Sugarcoat it all you want. This is one tough neighborhood.
Dang! There goes the Club Car!
Your leg is damn good but The Flying Scotsman gave me this arm
But Obamacare covers it, right?
Forget the sidelines, we're sitting on the line.
Not to worry sweetheart, our insurance covers pre-existing conditions.
My attorney asked for more substantial injuries.
I believe some dreams should be repressed.
I think we really do live on the wrong side of the tracks.
Look Sid, This is the 'D' train, you've had the chaise-lounge for 'A', 'B' and 'C' already. I get it for 'E' through 'H'. Beyond that, the good Lord willing, we can discuss who gets what chair for the remainder.
We like to die in comfort
Well, that's about it for this week.
Good idea to pre-bandage ourselves. That's real 7 Habits of Highly Effective People stuff right there, yup.
Trains and tunnels... how Freudian.
Your thought is, risk should not be avoided?
I really hate reenacting my dreams.
We'll cure your self-destruction tendency for real this time. My bad on the Trump rally.
Your metaphors for life are deeply disturbing and remarkably painful.
What are the chances of it happening 7 times in a row?
1) No George, I don't expect we'll "D"rail it. 2) Henry, I swear this is my last test of your automatic braking system.
I know it hurts to give up the fantasy of my omnipotence; but that defensive train has passed.
Jake, test drive was miserably rough. Definitely needs wheels on both sides.
they don't call it the "track lounge" for nothing
"So tell me about this 'train of thought dream'"?
That was the Bloods train
Is this really the only way I can get my therapy covered by flex-pay?
Just because you feel my pain doesn't mean you understand me.
we must find a new meeting area
I really feel they need to be clearer about what they mean by a 'training analysis.'
Tell me what the "D" stands for again.
We need to find a new place to watch the game.
Have to make the most of Obamacare while we have it.
Looks like we have this trip all wrapped up!
At some point, we're going to have to move on from the formative influence of "Stand by Me."
Let's go for broke.
Good thing psychiatrists a required to be M.D.s.
Assisted Suicide is no longer the third rail of the health care debate.
Shoulda purchased Obamacare!
Maybe 4 a day somewhere. Why?
...and yet, I believe there's more to this shared destructive ideation than meets the eye...
This psychotic illusion you're describing is obviously a manifestation of your Trumphobia.
D service was rerouted due to trauma on the tracks.
I am being rail lazy today! I wish there wouldn't be any trains going through every 5 seconds.
You have about ten seconds to tell me what's wrong before our time ends.
When she said the pain management clinic is on the D Line, she didn't mean ON THE D LINE.
I met with my last patient on the turnpike. This is much more comfortable.
You gotta love that smile.
" That railroad pension plan isn't as good as I had hope it would be".
Aren't they two minutes early, or is my watch wrong?
Mind the WHAP!
Sam, think Medicare will cover this too?
Well, there's always parachute-less skydiving.
One can only hope that the second time around will be more successful
I feel so lucky to have found someone with similar interests.
My medical diagnosis is finally on track.
You said your great-grandfather was John Henry?
Maybe this will get the VA's attention!
…and in sharing your fears, they begin to lose their power.
We occupied Wall Street, and we can occupy railroad tracks.
I still don't think this qualifies as an extreme sport.
It's the only office I could afford the rent on.
Somehow train watching isn't what I expected.
Well, our time's almost up.
Did you have to choose the side with wheels?
You think we should duck
We've made great progress - this time it will be different.
It never occurred to me that the judge would award us the subway car as punitive damages.
In retrospect, maybe we shouldn't have faced our fears head on . . .
This way we can say that we've lived and died on the railroad.
Don't worry. This time we're doing it with half the wheels.
My lawyer is in the caboose.
My insurance carrier insisted on an alternative delivery system for my medical care.
I really think we're on the verge of a breakthrough.
It's possible that applied behavioral therapy is not the right approach for you.
I thought you said we would have time to recuperate!
Be very careful not to touch the third rail.
Why do you think your life feels like a train wreck?
Again? You need remedial psychology "training"?
Same time next week, Mr. Karenina?
You'll feel a little pinch.
Yes, but we ARE living in Brooklyn!
High Line, Low Line . . . it's all the same to me.
This time will stop those metro lobbyists dead in their tracks.
Well, Jim, the nightmare's almost over.
Ya sure they're gonna take our word for it?
Since our last session, I've come to the conclusion your paranoia is justified.
It's necessary, Bob, to demonstrate to you that going down the same track expecting a different result is the definition of insanity. In my own experience, I submitted countless captions to the Cartoon Contest, never won- and finally just plain quit.
These virtual reality helmets are awesome. That train looks like you could touch it.
How do those Darwin Awards work again?
Seems a lot less noisy than the last time.
Didn't I tell you this wasn't such a good idea?
Same here--haven't got the sense I was born with.
Tea will be served at 4 o'clock on the upper deck .
Ah, that's better. I just needed a little break.
I think the D Train is more reliable
Do you smell urine?
Yes, I'm sure this is the 'Last Train To Darksville'.
I think he has interesting ideas but I doubt he will be elected.
"D" must have been for Donald, not Democrat
Relax—we'll be at Grand Street in ten flat.
Say what you will but the GOP replacement for Obamacare costs less and cuts down on red tape and wait times!
Now, tell me more about your train hallucinations.
I told you last November: It's Spring FORWARD...!!
We'll jump when my left hand gives the signal!
Are you sure this is what the therapist meant when he said: "Get back on track."
Doctor, seems we're not on the right track this session.
Facing fear - finally
We tend to ignore what is right in front of us.
How many more tort claims do you think we can survive?
Think of it like evening out a tan.
I'd rather watch 30 Rock from my comfy chair than run for the D train.
It is my professional opinion that you are obsessively fixated on the third rail and what it represents, though through our time together I admit I've come to appreciate your fixation, and even to share in it... you hear something?
As Freud observed, we are pathologically drawn back to the scene of our trauma.
I told you there's no such thing as Superman
I figure one more personal injury claim and I can retire.
Dont worry. We know breaks.
I told you not to get the cheap sleeper.
Nothing like a little more pain to start the morning.
Trust me: if there is no mustached villain involved, we're safe.
Does "the end of the line" mean anything to you metaphorically?
You're the one that checked "convenient to the D train" on Airbnb.
Well this sure isn't getting a lot of traction.
Tell me again about your recurring dream that your life is going off the rails.
I'm afraid that's all the time we have. Again.
I believe there is no tomorrow!
Now visualize a safe place.
I think I'll go back to helping sex addicts.
Theses train fares cost an arm and a leg!
This time we'll show that the Affordable Care Act is a scam!!!
Well, I DID tell you I was a therapist in training.
Well you're definitely not subwayphobic.
You know I can't help but feel the concept of position, position, position is entirely risk free...
This would have been much faster in Oregon.
Something tells me we are not on the Highline.
That movie seemed so realistic
It's the loss of memory that really bugs me.
Careful. Don't touch the third rail.
Describe to me again, the moment you saw the light.
We should'a taken the A Train.
Yeah, one of these weeks they'll be movin' this old subway car, and we'll hafta find another place to reminisce...
Let go of fear and trust the process.
Only three more treatments before you are completely over your fear of trains.
People always say I'm from the wrong side of the tracks. I'm starting to believe them.
Nothing is easy, Mitch.
Looks like our time is up for today Gary
Just don't touch the third rail.
huh, what? You sure now how to pick to noisiest places to spend time at
It's time we finished, my 3:10 is here.
My anxiety seems to be getting worse.
This will help me get rid of my itchy cast. What's your excuse?
Beats being at a Donald Trump rally.
Did you ever think we really stink at this suicide pack thing?
I know the MTA provides sick leave, Haversham, but I really need to finish installing those right rear wheels!
Getting to the roller coaster is half the fun.
Yes, I recognize the Freudian symbolism, but is there anything else in your past that might explain why trains keep appearing in your nightmares?
Here we are again. You were just as sure they wouldn't back up last time.
I told you there's no Superman!
Try raising the good arm.
He must know all the handicapped parking spots were taken
Blimey mate, we’ve gotten into the wrong cartoon!
Third rail's a charm!
We are the 99%!
This is the High Line, isn't it?
You just HAD to try the little red button, huh? Feel better?
I guess the party side tracked us, eh Bernie?
Counter-transference schmounter-transference. Let's stick with your attachment to your mother.
Hanna and Sophia give up as feminists.
Don't worry, third time's the charm.
This isn't a tenure track position.
Now that we are comfortable, tell me about your dog.
Ever since you read " My Year of Living Dangerously" I think you've proved your point but now you've gone off the rails.
Maybe we're on the wrong track again.
When I said that I would give an arm and a leg for a seat, this wasn't what I had in mind.
Alright, last one, you have one second to live, what do you do?
Darn, I'm not supposed to move this arm.
And so this concludes our last session on how to deal with your fear of fast moving trains.
Get ready...make it look like an accident.
Life is about putting your best foot forward and then seeing where things lead
Well, our group therapy sessions are down to just you now.
Certainly, but dig deeper. This fear of trains comes from something that happened during your childhood.
I hope this is a flashback and if not that there is no reverse on his gearbox.
Relax. What are the odds of it happening again?
You chose the best spot to heal.
Bummer, wrong side of the tracks again.
Too bad we missed the F Train. This is what happens when you get stuck taking the D Train.
You feel as though something catastrophic is bearing down on you. Hmmm...tell me more about that.
One last time...is this train your mother or your father?
I think I'm finally getting over my fear of flying.
Now do you understand the difference between "furnished sublet" and "furnished subway let?"
You sure this will move us up on the V.A.'s backlog?
In the early days, Sigmund would repeatedly go to very great lengths when working a cure for newly defined phobias.
No wonder my insurance doesn't cover this therapist.
I feel safer here than at a Donald Trump rally.
I'd feel better if that "D" were changed to an "R."
You picked the one day the D train is running?
It's absurd to say there's a relationship between CTE and lounging on railroad tracks!
This is just brief detour until Hell's Kitchen.
I hate reruns.
Face it, we're derailed, determined and soon to be deceased.
We be laying laying down by the train listening to the tracks
Well, it can't get any worse...
Once again, I feel as though we are on the wrong track
Swell. It stopped. Now what do we do?
The "D" stand for we're dead man and don't be late!
This reminds me of a dream I had last night.
Bow Down Yoga isn't right for everyone.
We should have tried this the first time.
For our next session I'd prefer going back to the Niagara Falls barrel.
And I thought we Republicans would be safe when all the wheels came completely off one side of Donald Trump's GOP train wreck - I guess not.
Here comes our nemesis!
Fatal a-track-tion...
Relax, we've met the deductible.
So much for our banjo strumming days!
Harry, we've been over this before, past is just prologue.
Where just enjoying the outside
Not sure this is worth the extra leg-room.
They call it the VA Express Service.
There is no sign telling us not to do it.
So, what's bothering you?
There is no light at the end of this road.
I think we went off the rails a bit this week
It's just a train of thought.
Talk about being ignored!
...talkin' about a figure of speech
Until the third rail starts to tingle, don't even begin to worry about the train.
I told you we should have waited for the express.
That train of thought won't help you out.
I think our recovery is right on track.
I'd say this IS the end of the line.
Do you think the Union Lawyers will believe us?
Still afraid.
What kind of doctor are you again?
Yeah, I can't take the constant pain either.
I told you I saw a light at the end of the tunnel.
Where's Fearless Fosdick when you need him?
Her round trip ticket also cost an arm and a leg.
I can see why you're $400 an hour.
They only allow one carry on
If you ask me, this posttraumatic desensitization is a lot of hooey.
At last, the Veterans Administration has physical therapy claims on track!
I heard the new R-211's will have digital video screens.
Duh, Mario, his real name is Drumpf
You know, I'm not totally sold on this online therapy.
No way this train arrives on time twice in a row.
Our other clinic is in Monument Valley
Are you gonna breake my all of bones!!!???
Uh Oh! It has that smile again!
It's the 3rd rail that'll kill ya.
At least the worst is over.
You know, it didn't stop the first time...
And they told me I couldn't even kill myself properly.
Next stop: Tell me about your mother.
Mind the third rail, dear.
They told us free healthcare would be a trainwreck.
They never talk about the dangers of "staycations."
You'd think we'd be smart enough not to try this again...
Suddenly, i'm not loving it more than Obamacare.
Don't worry, we're in the handicapped spot.
Best two out of three.
You thought Obamacare was bad? Well welcome to Trumpcare!
Tarmac on Tuesday?
See you on the other side, Frank.
Spring training can be painful.
And that's a wrap
Why do I feel like a straight man in a cynical cartoon?
Lenny, go ahead and wake me up when you hear it coming
Inexplicable.
Therapist: "You're bound to be a train wreck. I'm getting the hell out of here."
I know our last session was traumatic, but I think we're on the right track this time.
Tomorrow I am definitely lowering my deductible.
D Train: Train of the damned.
No, I just attribute it to bad luck.
Do you hear the roar of the ocean?
Maybe we're not cut out for full contact trainspotting.
Sorry, you were saying about the accident? I momentarily lost your train of thought...
It's OK. It's a wooden leg.
Look, Dave! It's the same driver who hit us here last week.
... and you will feel no more pain at the count of three ... 1... 2...
I had no idea training would be so arduous.
I still believe it: what doesn't kill you ...
Nothing like being prepared for the worst.
I wish we could get untracked.
I don't know Doc; it certainly feels real.
This "occupy" thing has gotten way off track.
Still beats the bus.
We should have moved when our legs worked.
how could it be worse?
They never give us a full 15 minute break anymore.
So you feel like you've been hit by a train. Tell me more...
Do you think SPF 50 is enough for now?
As avid locomotive enthusiasts, Dave and Tom never stopped to question their devotion.
I hope these sessions are helping overcome your fear of pain.
You must face your fears of getting run over by a train, even if you do get run over by a train.
They did say there was a good view of the monorail. - Sam age 8
You're physically on track, but it's the mental aspect that worries me.
Yes, doc said our recovery is on 'D,' right track.
Let's get your life back off track.
Wait, you don't have life insurance?
I can't remember the last time I felt we were on the right track!
What do you mean the train has left the station?
Don't worry, i'm trained for this.
I thought we were on the track to recovery but I can see your having a set back.
Yes, nightmare recreation therapy always works. Why do you ask?
I got in touch with my feelings at our last session Dr. Swartz.
I think this session will finally give me closure
Are we really supposed to be comfortable doing this?
Ugh. I JUST sat down.
Sometimes, I really wonder if we're on the right track...
Ejection seat test, batch 19...go!
It's all about safety first.
when the times comes it's never to late to relax.
He said that the D will take us to Coney Island
We're finally on the fast track.
Are you sure this trains going to stop this time?
Well... At least we found out our final stop.
Like I said last time, it's all an illusion.
You really do only live once.
So Superman vs. Batman has come down to this?
Next reunion's on the #2 line!
I'm happy it's not a car.
"Hows your day going"?
Well, I guess I wouldn't be afraid to get on a plane right now.
Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
when the going gets rough
I promise . . . if it doesn't work this time, we'll go straight to Oregon.
when the presidential elections hit
We should have riden the third rail.
This last time will conclude your desensitization treatment, your fear of trains will finally be gone.
Cheaper than moving to Oregon...
Has The New Yorker come around to dick jokes?
Stop complaining; the ad said 'rent free' not 'risk free'.
I don't think we are quite on track with this plan.
If only this itching would stop.
You know what? A low deductible is not the be-all and end-all of insurance.
They don't call it the D Train for nothing.
This waiting room will be the death of us.
This shouldn't be too bad...as long as one of us is dreaming.
Enough about your mother. Now, tell me your first memories about your father."
Still beats coach.
I told you we shouldn't have mentioned that we're Republicans.
"Yup, it's the 3:10 right on time".
The trick is trying not to touch the third rail.
Are you sure we couldn't just work through this with toy trains and a little imagination?
The wheels came off my campaign early.
Are you sure were covered for this?
When you just want a drink and your friend takes you here.
Perfect spot to make the D train run on a Sunday schedule.
I'd like to reiterate once again that method therapy is a long process.
So I dreamt that your office was on the subway tracks, and we were both wearing large casts, and we were about to be obliterated by a D train car with wheels on only one side. And right now, I'm feeling a strong sense of deja vu.
Hey, WATCH IT! I'm laying here.
I think we got it this time.
hopefully we die from it this time
My last therapist refused to help me face my fears.
It's still better treatment than the VA Hospital.
Your training is almost complete.
This time it has to work!
Reruns? Do we have to stay?
Harry we lost track of our train!!!
Let's continue to explore this sense of impending doom you have.
You really have to keep getting outside your comfort zone.
You sure those are phantom shakes?
Don't you think we've had enough training already?
Finally , a nice day,
If only hospitals had an express service.
I don't know why, but ever since our accident I feel like my life is about to go off the rails.
We need to rethink this rest stop.
You can take a taxi if you want to. I am waiting right here for d' ambulance.
It would be more convincing if it had all its wheels.
Let's see Disability deny this one.
We have friendship goals Bill.
Tell me more about this ominous feeling you've been having...
I think it's safe to say that we both a break though.
This is the last time I'm helping you stage a deleted selfie.
Get the selfie stick out.
" Living in the subway is a little challenging , but it is so convenient " !
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, TRY AGAINNNNNNN...
Those upper class hobos don't know what their missing!
Have we moved past expecting a different result yet?
We'll continue next week.
Listen, it's a D train...can we just enjoy the irony?
As careful as I am, I never seem to get out of harms way
Remember what happened last time we sat out here?
That was close.
I'd really love a donut right about now.
OK, so I was wrong last time...but this is definitely the High Line.
Good thing we paid the higher premium for luxury rest stops on hospital trains.
Early attempts at an Uber-subway ambulance required GPS tweaking.
So, what you were saying? Something about the randomness and unfairness of the universe, wasn't it?
I guess that was the wrong place for flash therapy.
Me?... I botched the aptitude test so the only thing I was qualified for was crash test dummy.
Not enough punch. I give it a D-.
We are liberal occupiers, this big money, conservative, work for your money train would never hit us. We're what this country has come to.
Don't worry, as soon as you finish your training you'll be first aid qualified.
Like you, I'm always bowled over by trains...
Trust me, this is way more effective than EMDR.
You're sure that's the back of the train, right?
Pardon me boy, is that the Chattanooga choo choo?
Ghandi would have loved us.
So that's what you meant by "derailing"
Uh oh. If the "B" train stood for broken bones...
I guess this one isn't the High Line either.
See? It's not really about Kate. Sometimes a train in a tunnel is just a train in a tunnel.
Perhaps we should reschedule?
Just think - two more times and we get the world record.
Who told you this was a cure for PTSD?
It's called Deja vu
What did I say before we left? You're just gonna have to hold in it now.
Ah, I’ve always wanted to try indoor trainspotting.
I thought you said the next train was not an express.
Don't worry. Everything's already broken.
But the most hurtful part was being accused of lacking judgment.
We really need to find a better way to calculate math questions about moving trains.
I couldn't see how you could make a living from trainspotting, until one day it hit me...
Nothing is ever easy.
Now we know that your decidophobia is greater than your siderodromophobia, and that is why last week we met in front of the train and not behind it like today.
The root cause of your feelings of impending doom are becoming more clear with each of our sessions.
I find that staycations have an element of adventure, too.
I thought this line was shutdown, but I've been wrong before.
At least no one can accuse us of not getting back on track.
We should have brought the murphy bed!
NOT to worry the train is NEVER on time!
So this was your idea of how to get your life back on track.
As I've said, whatever doesn't kill us will make us stronger.
What makes you think we've been railroaded?
Intimations of mortality?
My political handlers said I'd be safe so long as I avoided the third rail.
I've always been accident-prone. I can't explain it
Let's get this right this time.
I don't think this is how the Wheelchair Assassins played chicken in DFW's Infinite Jest.
Well done We have conquered your fear of trains
Can you tell which way it is likely to go?
Our due diligence has raised some concerns about your “Subway Departure Lounge” concept.
I just hate when there's "train traffic ahead"
I told you--we both get hurt when there's transference.
I'm telling you, this is it. The VA never makes a mistake.
This is the last time I share your pain.
Well, it appears our time is up.
Which way do you think it's going?
When they said virtual reality is like your there. I didn't think they meant like this!!" "We should probably move!
Yes, the L line is hipper, but the 2 is closer to hospitals
I know we botched the first attempt but this should put the naysayers to shame!
I told you we should of used Uber to go to the clinic.
``If you say `wrong place, wrong time' once more, I'll scream.''
So what you think: Is this a good time to call Cecelia?
Hey what does that D in the windows stand for? Oh it stands for d- ...
They say the third time's the charm.
Some morons call it the Death train
Their first attempt at suicide wasn't a success, so... "If at first you don't succeed, try, try, again", said by the famous William E. Hickson.
My medical benefits will pay for this!
I'm not paying you for this session
Tell me again how re-enactment therapy works.
This round of aversion therapy is going to hurt me a lot more than it hurts you!
This is the ONLY way to get a free ride!
Yes, Fred, I know. "We were here first."
Fasten your seatbelt...it's going to be a bumpy night.
Switching Trains is not the answer.
This airbnb is definitely better than last week's.
I just feel like I'm on the wrong track.
I told you that if you took the wheels off the subway it would fall on us...
It doesn't look like they are going to go around us this time either!
Forget the consequences. It is the principal of the matter. Sure, we may lose another battle, but we will win the war.
This beats standing.
It's my way or the highway.
This ought to do it.
I've heard travel is broadening
Maybe it will be different this time.
Are you absolutely sure this ain't the last train to Clarksville?
Before my wife made Engineer, we had to live all over the place!
You would think it had learned by now
Remember what dad said. Stay clear of that third rail.
I really look forward to our Friday sessions.
Why do we always miss the D-train?
Yes, it has its challenges, but it's the only place I can afford in Manhattan.
No kidding? I got this falling off the platform, too.
We're getting towards the end of our exposure therapy.
Ok, I get how TrumpCare works in New York, but what about States without a subway system?
Our Godot will be tomorrow's Hamilton.
This is ok but I'm not going to Brussels!
It's important to just be aware of your surroundings. Now, tell me what you are comfortable with here.
This form of euthanasia takes a lot longer than I thought!
Trust me, it won't come this way again.
Doc said if we stay on track we'll get better faster.
There's a reason the rent is cheap here.
Yeah, well you were so sure you knew the schedule the last time.
I told you not to enter into a contest reserved for residents of the United States, Canada (except Quebec), Australia, the United Kingdom, or the Republic of Ireland.
Does it feel a little breezy to you?
A Duke Ellington song just came to mind.
Well, I guess we won't make the sale at Ikea.
This is much nicer than our last place
AT LEAST, THEY COULD HAVE MOVED US TO THE PLATFORM!
Rest in "pieces." - Thomas the train
These are the brakes of the game.
We may not be on the right track to recovery!
So, when they said we were on the fast track……
Eternity: Right on time!
This is the only way I can get Fentanyl.
This is their idea of workmen's comp?
Next time we occupy Wall Street, I vote we work the main level.
I know taking the plane is faster, but how can you beat this leg room?
This can't be the right track to recovery
I refuse to go back on Dr. Phil's just to have him tell me that I don't see things through.
I cannot tell if the train is coming or going
Injury lawsuits! A little risky but good money.
I'm beginning to think this cartoonist doesn't like us.
It's my job as your therapist to help you address all your fears.
I appreciate your passing on the savings for office space, but I haven't recovered from the previous session.
I think we're on the right track.
I think we're on the right track now.
Let's continue working on overcoming my mental block to learning schedules.
By the way, don't touch that third rail.
Well Randy, it appears that we are the definition of insanity.
Are you sure that this is the best way to overcome my fear of the D train?
That's it! I'm going back to hypnosis school.
Sometimes in life we never know whats going to hit us.
Maybe this time we'll get it right.
There's an easier way to have your cast removed.
This doesn't seem right .....think the realtor may have ment tract housing?
Trust me. It'll stop this time.
It's a local, and I have a local anesthetic.
Recovery has been tough, but I can finally see the light at the end of the tunnel.
I wish something would happen to impact my recovery time.
Your happy place is quite evocative, Richard.
I feel that the train hallucination is becoming more real
Perhaps there is something to your 'fear of trains' phobia.
In all fairness, Craigslist did say this would cost us an arm and a leg.
Now I get it...the Moron Olympics Committee told us to get some 'training'.
No, I will not trade with you. You had the couch last time.
We should just call in sick next time.
Then you heard screaming. So how did that make you feel?
Still think the Low Line is the next High Line?
Maybe this one won't hit me as hard as my divorce.
So much for 'third-time-lucky'.
Are you sure we have access to all public spaces?
I said 'RE-train' our bodies.
Parallel universes merging? Never thought about it. Why?
It's known as vibrational rehab - you'll see......
I feel like you're not really hearing me...
Been doing some research for a Big Book, finished the jay-walking part....
I said ‘Uber’ not ‘unter’!
Now might be a good time to mention that I no longer accept Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Just finished reading Anna Karenina. I'll text her back.
Some waiting room. I understand the doctor's in training.
Welp. . . time for another insurance claim.
To be fair, it is a neighborhood in transition.
In this job market even an unpaid internship makes sense.
Next time, I'm going to read the fine print on those discharge forms.
Is this what the lawyer meant - when he said "we would own" the railroad?
So amped to be dead I straight up hate my life lol.
OK, let's resume where we left off last time.
I know you said you wanted to live close to transit, but I think this is a tad too close.
We finally got our lives back on track .
You brought I D...right?
An Accident Waiting to Happen
I'm prone to what did you say?
I think we finally have your therapy on the right track.
Brace yourself??? Not funny, Sid.
I'm afraid I'm still going to have to bill you for the full hour.
On the bright side, I'm finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
'Hitchcockian'? Hardly.
I'm finally getting my life on track.
Why does the D train hurt more than the others?
So if we live we'll finally be covered by our insurance plan? Cool.
D worst way to get Workman's Comp
Relax, you've met your annual deductible. From here on it's just a simple co-pay.
We need to think about a better retirement plan.
Wrigley Schmigley. The Bronx ain't Chicago.
Our ongoing investigation of Zeno's Paradox may be about to reach its--
Nice of them to stop for us now how do we call room Service?
Once again, I am the doctor you are the patient, I know this will eventually cure your Siderodromophobia.
I hate waiting for trains, don't you?
It an arm and a leg from Brooklyn to the Bronx!
Don't ever check the box for "fast track recovery program" in the Affordable Health Care registration form.
Sorry, my last session ran a little over.
See, train watching isn't safer than bungee jumping.
Do you think it is time to switch tracks?
Its the last train to Clarksville
I think I bought the wrong tickets to "Crash Test Dummies."
Don't worry, we're covered for pre-existence injury.
Once again, it looks like our time is up.
How much do you think we'll get in the wrongful death lawsuit?
The end is near.
This is what we get for enrolling in Medicare Part D?
That last session was painful, but try to focus on the light at the end of the tunnel.
Didn't the doctor say we should be 'on track' to recuperate?
Everyday it gets harder to be a trained therapist.
Rail travel cost an arm and a leg these days
That's the last time I use Craigslist.
This is what we should have tried to begin with.
SAY "LITERALLY" AGAIN.
I had a tough life but passing those turnstiles was way over the top.
Well, the doctor recommended traction.
"I thought the 'D" was supposed to be on the local tracks !!!!
Yeah, I support euthanasia. Why do you ask?
Just one more time, and we'll hit our deductible.
I'm not so sure I want my life back on track.
I don't think this is what the boss meant when he told you to train me.
They say if you the same thing a second and expect a different outcome you are crazy!!!!!!
Doc, confronting my fears every week doesn't seem to be working.
At least we'll have coverage in prison.
No, I said airbnB.
Fool us twice....
I guess we won't be taking the "D" train to rehab.
I guess it wasn't our time.
Bill I think your phone is buzzing.
It only hurts when they pass.
They say the third suicide attempt' the charm
I ever I never noticed there was that brick wall as we went under the wheels of 'Old 97'.
I can't tell if I'm coming or going.
She's right - it could be a double entendre
I SAID, "I THINK THE TRAIN IS COMING!"
So in these dreams, exactly when does the next train come?
Ever read 'Anna Karenina'?
We should have listened to Ellington.
I was waiting for the E!
What if the "D" doesn't stand for disabled?
They say, 'third time's the charm.'
...just one more leg to go!
I don't care what they do, I'm still not voting for Trump.
I hope you see now how your fear of being killed by a train was simply an irrational neurotic obsession.
THIS protest better work.
I sure hope the food's better this time.
I knew this boycott for a lounge car was a bad idea!
I think we're BOTH getting tired of you re-living this nightmare.
Better not take that HMO train, it could be worse!
That must be lunch.
You only think you hate me, actually you are experiencing "trainference".
And you said "Parkour, anyone?
Where's our parking placard?
The view is worse.
Watch your foot -- you're near the third rail.
We needed Bill Harlan's goat (Old high school ditty)
At least the A train blew the whistle and put on the brakes
Confronting your fear of heights went well, so let's talk about your obsession with trains and tunnels.
We've never been very good at the whole timing thing.
As I said yesterday, to most people "wait 'behind' the yellow line" is not ambiguous.
Not to worry. Donald said he was going to take great care of the wounded vets.
These walk in clinics are popping up everywhere.
Lightning doesn't strike twice, huh?
Don't give up; I feel we're on the right track this time.
Imagine where we'd be without Obamacare!
Great, we're just recovering from your last Freudian slip and now your one track mind has us in trouble again.
They'll blame this on Obamacare, too!
Who knew that staying of track is so dangerous.
The D stands for Dummy.
"Getting through the alphabet is going to be tougher than we thought".
Mark my words, we will conquer your fear of trains.
I think that lawyer sent us to the wrong track.
If you hadn't thrown away the propeller, we could have just sued the airline company.
Now for our final Systematic Desensitization session.
I think it's time you approach your therapy with a little more urgency.
I think we need a new spot for the sit-in strike.
Let's start where we left off when the A-train hit us.
They'll have to hike the fare to 5 bucks for the settlement we'll get.
Doc said I'm right on track.
What are the odds it could happen twice?!
We're retraining your brain.
Overcrowding isn't causing this delay.
On the other hand, it's rent controlled.
Boy this brings back fond memories.
Now, where was I? Oh, yes - getting you back on track ...
Location, Location. . .
Now would be a good time for a breakthrough.
If I'm still afraid of trains after this session I'm asking for my money back.
So you're saying sometimes a train going through a tunnel is just a train going through a tunnel?
They obviously haven’t learned a thing.
Well that just D-alined my bones
This works much faster than aspirin alone.
Maybe we should let this train of thought go off-track.
I'm afraid that's all we have time for today...the "D" will be back in service before our session ends. Let's pick-up next week at the bottom of the Brooklyn Bridge. --Thanks, Doc. I sure appreciate the sliding scale.
Honey, I still think we need to sell this timeshare
Again, the Choo Choo Train is NOT going to stop.
It would have been much worse if the train had wheels on the other track.
Ready for round two?
It was supposed to be the A train.
I believe this will conclude our primal scream sessions.
We're taking a step back on your exposure therapy this week.
I don't think this therapy is working on my fear of trains.
I hope the light at the end of the tunnel is on my left
I know we are helping our medical insurer but what did they mean about helping human evolution?
Fell in front of a train. You?
Still less painful then going through our insurance.
You got The Cyclone and Wonder Wheel--now that's worth every penny of the fare!
Crash dummies on vacation.
Good idea, these lounge chairs. This way, they can't say we're accident prone.
Your anxieties are of a common, yet surprisingly vivid character.
After overcoming your fear of heights, we'll now work on your fear of subways.
I've tested a lot of products for a lot of purposes, but who's going to buy train proof outdoor furniture?
Good thing it is going the other way.
How does it feel to be a human circuit breaker?
Anything new?
And the definition of insanity is....
We can't continue these sessions if you refuse to discuss your fear of trains.
This is definitely in network
Termination in psychoanalysis can be challenging to both the patient and the analyst!
Look! Our train is finally here to pick us up.
This is definitely the most injuries I've ever received during Spring Training
Mass transit is the way to go!
This probably isn't covered either.
Can we both agree Method Acting wasn't right for this film!
'Get right back on that horse' sounded good at the time!
So, you have seen Double Indemnity.
Not to brag, but I was a runner up for a Darwin Award last year.
We sure 'kicked the tires' on that one, didn't we?
You've got to understand physical pain. After that we can move on to your childhood.
Tell me again. We're the brakemen?
When I was a little boy, we use to play on the tracks.
In these times of uncertainty, I find the inevitability of a moving train to be oddly reassuring.
Yeah, I asked for my insurance claim to be fast-tracked, too.
Um, The Doors . .
Come to think of it, I misspoke. It was the L Train.
You're right. Train Squatting was a silly idea
What do you think is a good title for a memoir?
You know honey..I think our ship is finally going to come in.
"Boy, our last session was a train wreck!. I think we're on the right track now".
Ok, already. I get it. You're a self- sabotager.
I've lost all enthusiasm for the 'Low Line Park' idea.
The second and last "Face Your Fears" therapy session.
I knew your travel Web site would somehow end up costing us an arm and a leg.
We're in a safe space
I don't think it's so much the bandages, our our proximity to the trains, I just don't think we're catching the kind of rays in here we had expected.
Two laid off train inspectors
John, Ted, Donald and the future of the G.O.P.
If we don't win a Guinness World Record this time, I'm out.
Stop worrying about the future
Don't worry. This time I know we've got it right.
I forgot the chips again.
I'd like you to switch tracks for a moment here.
Maybe we should try dodging firetrucks next time.
Thank heavens we're Canadian. That would have taken six months in the States
On second thought, perhaps immersion therapy isn't the appropriate course of action for addressing your particular phobia.
Let's move past the trust issues.
Now, this time, what are you going to do differently?
I could live with these injuries but not with more of Trump and Cruz.
Actually, the wrong side of the tracks isn't anything at all what I was expecting.
I miss the old days. Carrying signs. Maybe throwing a rock or two.
Things could be worse!
How the heck do I know who's backing up this train; you're the Engineer!
Sign my cast for good luck.
You can only have so many bumps, scrapes, and wrecks before you realize you're the real source of the problem
Who could guess it--run over by an optical illusion.
I know it didn't work out so well the last time we tried this…
With our HMO we should have paid for the private room.
Dr. could we go back to just talking about insanity definitions?
What makes you think that this time will be any different?
After this, we should get complete disability.
Looks like the end of 'D' line.
This should be your final phase of therapy.
I believe our time is up.
Yes, I would still rather be here than the Trump rally.
Perhaps after A to C, D Train will cure you of your siderodromophobia
Last week I think we saw the light at the end of the tunnel.
Jeb?" "Yes, Marco." "Is that D as in Donald?
I thought you told me the D train didn't run on holidays.
I hope this is the end of the line.
No need to fret. We're just cartoon characters.
Now that we paid our deductible, we'll get covered this time.
Donald may have momentum, but we can still get enough delegates to stop him.
Has it never dawned on you that maybe we're both crazy?
Without Obamacare, there's no way we could live here.
Scooch over. I'll hook on. It won't hurt this time. Promise.
Let's try getting your life off track instead.
You know what they say: 'Location, location, location.'
Taking this Nietzsche thing too far this time don't you think?
I thought that went well - considering
Think of it this way: it's like lightening striking twice in the same place.
This armchair travel isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Are you exposure therapy is best in this case?
"No Smoking means No Smoking ANYWHERE!
Mind the third rail.
They can't deny us for benefits after this...
It's still better than the bus station.
We've gotta get out of this railroad apartment.
Okay, this time, just imagine it's moving.
Is it me or do you hear something, too?
I feel like I've been run over by a train.
OK, so maybe it is too close for comfort.
You ever get the feeling you've been cheated?
I wonder if it will hurt as much this time aorund.
Remember, just avoid the third rail and we'll be okay.
Fool me once, shame on...
'Abandoned Tunnel Inspection Team'
Did you get the license number ?
We should be able to retire after this one.
It'll stop, it'll stop Bernie.
I feel like we're finally getting back on track...
It's getting late but can you raise your good arm higher?
I understand the metaphor, but next time, maybe we stay on the RIGHT side of the tracks?
That damn train is sawing us to pieces - back and forth, back and forth!
what's he going to do, hit us?
Look! We just gotta get a room.
When the club car opens, I'm gonna have a third-rail cocktail and you can order your usual absolut train wreck.
I think this dream you have of being in the path of an on-coming train might warrant further examination.
Did you remember to turn off the stove?
Darn! My cast itches.
'' Where was Superman when we needed him.''
If it doesn't stop this time, I'm not doing this again.
''I feel like things are finally moving in the right direction.''
It's on time, but shouldn't we be on the platform?
Let's see them try to settle this one in Small Claims.
Do not let your foot hit the 3rd rail!
The nurse said to wait here and our bill would arrive in no time.
For my next feat I'm considering high-wire tap dancing.
Rail riding used to be free and easy - now, it costs an arm and a leg!
What's the worst that could happen?
You're always getting off on the wrong track!
At that speed we should get where we are going in a New York minute
"This may not hurt as much as you think it will".
It's better than sticking around waiting to win the New Yorker Caption Contest.
Maybe now we'll meet our deductible.
I now own six of these. It's worth it.
I object, you have the better seat.
Did you notice there are no wheels on the far side of the coach?
An out-of-service station! Hah! That's what you said last time!
You promise that getting in front of this train will pay off even bigger than the car thing, right?
Your decision to continue with our sessions has led me to conclude that we are both mentally unstable.
Relax, another one will be along soon.
Crap. I forgot to put out the recycling.
I'm starting to lose faith in our HMO.
You are really certain that it is going the other way!!?
Well, Mr. Brenner, our time is just about up.
We really are from the wrong side of the tracks.
This isn't working.
I am committed to keeping your therapy on track.
Always reppin'.
They were awfully nice about it.
Don't worry, my Injury Attorney takes the D train.
Something about therapy with you makes my life seem like a train wreck.
I think it's one of those phantom limb feelings.
I think we're about to make another connection.
I never realized how dangerous streaming could be.
We have to stop playing chicken with this train
I know we're skipping around the list, but today we will be focusing on your selaphobia, phonophobia, and musophobia.
Like I told you last time, we hold sessions here because your insurance will only cover counselling as part of an emergency department visit.
Never thought we'd derail like this
The things we go through for a little Oxycontin.
Oh busses are a piece of cake.
Why don't we do the confrontation session in my office?
Doc, I feel we're on the wrong track.
Its a bad insurance settlement
D Train's latest hits.
But sometimes it takes two big shocks to awaken our preconscious memories.
Not to worry, George. New law -- pre-existing conditions are covered.
Here's hoping we'll miss the next one.
Well, I see we're about out of time.
Don't you think this wait is becoming absurd, Vladimir ?
This is gonna hurt me more than it's gonna hurt you.
I had no idea this is what the ad meant by a railroad flat.
Did the A train go by already?
Next time, don't forget the TRAINING wheels!
The view is not too good but it is close to Metro.
And how did you feel toward the train when it hit you?
You know, it's not that we're all obsolete so much as that we are all the victims of deferred maintenance.
Looks like we're out of time again.
We'll be fine this time with the chairs.
Don't worry. It's the third rail that kills you.
This new job is bringing us closer together.
We are such pro train-wrecks!
Our jaywalking binge got boring, maybe this will be more of a thrill
Next time we'll be ready.
Sure glad it's not the A train again.
I just can't catch a break here.
This time my lawyer says they will have no basis to claim they did not know we were this crazy.
Don't you think our lawyer is going a little too far on this one?
You know, this exposure therapy is really working!
Been down so long, it looks like up to me. Richard Farina
Do you ever feel your life is more important than your squished penny collection?
Don't you think we need a break?
Is this what they mean by deja vu?
I think we made a lot of progress on your siderodromophobia. On your next session we'll tackle...AAAHHH!
Remember - this time I get the first ambulance.
I'd say we're both feeling a little run down.
I was warned the upper west side would cost me an arm and a leg
Next time, mind the gap.
What we really need is a platform bed.
I assure you round two of treatment will bring a real breakthrough...
Maybe next week we can move our session to my office?
We never learn, do we?
I spy with my little eye something beginning with D.
Do you suppose our fascination with Madam Caboose here is anything like the feelings Ahab had for Moby Dick?
Eminent Domain. Learn to live with it.
This time, I expect a different result.
At least it's quieter than my last apartment.
I think life was better on the wrong side of the tracks.
Guardrails weren't an obstacle to this 'comfy zone'? I wonder what colorful platform edges and signage would have led to.
I refuse to believe that a New York train is on time.
Well at least they left better than they found us.
Next week, can I confront my fear of the B train?
Four down and only twenty-two to go!
Remember the good old days when we used to ride this train high on cocaine.
The view from the third rail.
We'll show them all that we will stand up for our beliefs, and never be moved.
It's the same dream doc, it's Opening Day and the Yanks will win the Series if they don't get hit with injuries.
This train should be renamed "O" for "Ouch". Being TRAINED to do track repairs AND doing it while the train is active wasn't the smartest idea.
Love this proactive stance
One more shift into reverse, and we'll be flying first class.
I get that your childhood was a trainwreck but I'm not sure reconstructing the memory is helping.
I'm not sure our course of treatment is on the right track.
Don't worry - It'll heal.
Oh good its the D train!
A hundred bucks says it misses us.
Maybe it's time we stopped fighting eminent domain.
If we can't die with dignity, at least we can die comfortably.
As my therapist, do you think my dreams are a tad too realistic?
After surviving what we've survived, OF COURSE we're indestructible!
And we're going to keep coming back until you have some closure.
I still miss Johnny Carson.
It's outside of network. But it has been precertified.
When they said it would be an arm and a leg they really meant it!
Instant cast removal coming up!
As usual, we're right on track.
Like we agreed in the hospital, masochism's not for sissies.
I told you we would get railroaded with this healthcare plan.
I think our therapy session have been on the wrong track
Absolutely nothing can spoil my afternoon nap!
So if i'm hearing you right, you feel like your life is a train wreck.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Accidents waiting to happen.
We've been over this a thousand times Mr. Withersby - no train, no pain, no gain.
Okay, today's exercise should clear up your siderodromophobia
Well, I'm not going to take this lying down.
Feelings of anxiety are expected during exposure therapy.
I'm feeling good vibrations here.
I gotta say, Bill, I'm starting to feel really run down lately.
Do you have Medicare Part D.
I had a dream that I voted for a democrat, and I woke up like this.
Doc, I think I am getting over my train fetish.
Earl, pass the remote
I hear that "Sick Passenger" is a leading cause of train delays.
I didn't know there was a massage setting too.
This really brings me back to our hitchhiking days....
It's better to get hit with it all at once.
This one track conversation is going nowhere quickly!
What? The drain's humming?
This should work better than sitting in the bike lane did.
Yup, we are beside ourselves with itch.
At least the co-pay got us this far.
The modern day version of an old classic.
I think we have taken this adventure tourism idea too far....
So, do you still think our infrastructures aren't that bad? I swear, if it doesn't work this time I'm moving to London.
I think this is the wrong train track, we should be on the E-Line.
The real cause of rising healthcare costs
So... last time we worked on your fear of heights...
One more time: 'The Breaking of Pelvis 1 2 3', Take 13. Ready? Action!
But why do you feel we're not on the right track?
Well the pamphlet did say, 'Training! For a speedy retirement.'
It used to be more fun robbing trains
Fortunately, that train had a cowcatcher.
I think I sprained my ankle.
Perhaps this is why you keep getting hurt.
It's tough living on the wrong side of the tracks.
I keep hearing Duke's "Take the A Train."
This will be our last session
I guess this is the end of the line.
I thought you told me the "D" Line was not running today.
When he backs up, you scream real loud and I'll call the lawyer.
We'll gentrify this neighborhood, even if it kills us.
My father always said you came from the wrong side of the tracks.
Dr. Leventhal recommended I get direct exposure to 'D' to stay on track.
I've been twerkin' on the railroad.
We should have given that Red Cap a tip.
The doctor recommended I get my health on track.
I swear, those Obamacare deductibles will be the death of us!
The price you pay for extra leg room.
The doctor recommended that I get direct exposure to "D" to increase bone density.
The victory of hope over experience.
Well Priebus , nothing will de-rail our plan for a contested nominee
Third time's a charm, right?
My caboose is killing me!
Hey Doc ! I think this is the definition of insanity.
She self-identifies as a monorail.
Relax. The D Train is always a few minutes late.
When I was a kid we just put pennies on the tracks.
I'm having an out-of-life experience.
This was the only recovery room in the city that our insurance plan covered.
I know office space is spendy Doc, but I thought you were kidding about costing an arm and a leg!
Have you seen the remote?
From the schedule I still can't tell if the D train is going north or south?
Healthcare sure is confusing.
This time I'm betting on Zeno's paradox.
If it backs up again, we're goners
I'll show you the difference between fantasy and reality if it's the last thing I do.
I think we should find better places to eat our lunches.
The Mindfullness Gap
I guess we should've known the D stood for "Donald" when the wheels started falling off but it still somehow managed to stay on track and break us.
I keep telling you, my methods are unorthodox.
You said you also have nightmares of falling out of airplanes?
Guess the light at the end of the tunnel was the headlight of the train.
We have to move or lower our co-pays and deductibles!
Let's hope the self-driving feature works better this time.
Now THIS is living.
We're past third time lucky. What now?
When do you suppose it leaves the station?
Well, it looks like our time is up for today Mr Johnson.
I heard the renovated Medacaid office is quite efficient.
Some people never learn...doing the same over and over, but expecting different results!
We’ll conquer your fear of the metro even if it …
Is that the downtown or uptown train?
So far the pain hasn't been too bad.
The one time we come prepared to wait for the train...
Yes, it’s difficult, but exposure therapy can cure your subway phobia only if you stick with it.
And what do you think is the cause of this fear?
Your accident proneness is getting contagious
Wow...Medicare Plan D is more expensive than I thought.
I'm starting to understand why the rent is so good.
Oh no, not again.
I thought you called an ambulance.
"I'd like to revise my paranoia diagnosis.
Let's go again whats of a little of gauge.
Don't you think it's time we gave up train spotting.
I'm just glad we get to go out as a penis joke.
I'm beginning to feel as if living on the edge IS our comfort zone
So in this dream, you're lying on the tracks as a train barrels towards you?
In my wildest dreams I never imagined the end would come this way.
If h backs up we;re going to need more bandages.
I don't think it's the train operator who needs to learn from history.
You should see what happened with Dave and the 4 train last week. Damn near paid off his house.
Be careful. You're toast if you touch the third rail.
Nope, I didn't see this clause in my health insurance plan either.
I don't even remember being in the hospital...
My hearing's coming back...finally!!
Now I know why my aversion therapy technique went wrong the last time.
Maybe we should try the samurai sword next time.
I won't let him rename the "D" train to "Donald."
I don't think it's healthy involving me in your insurance scam fantasies.
They usually stop.
Be careful not to touch the third rail-- It's electrified.
How is this any better than your last idea?
Okay, this time I bet he stops.
I think our hour is up. Same time next week ?
She said it should help our PTSD.
Do you smell the roses?
Don't you find the sound of air brakes comforting?
This should cure your fear of trains. Or kill us.
I feel your pain.
Yeah, they finally stopped dumping patients on the streets.
That's all the time we have.
I think these lounge chairs hurt our credibility in court
This might derail our recuperation.
We got it made this time. NO train can go backwards.
I think our life is on the wrong track!
I'm telling you, Frank! The voice on the phone said "Trump Protesters' Meeting, ten o'clock sharp."
It's always best to face your fears head-on.
I knew there had to be a reason these chairs were available.
It's like waiting for the Republican presidential nominee to be announced
D is for Deadline.
...and THAT'S when it hit me
Don't worry. It's like Trump's becoming president, it can't happen.
Trains are my hobby
Well, you know what they say, "Third time's the charm".
But surely Mr. Johnson you realize that doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome is just plain--
I think that’s all the time we have for today.
Doc, I know you believe in exposure therapy, but I'm starting to wonder if we couldn't find a better place for our weekly sessions.
God ? ...or no God?
They provide great benefits, don't they?
Handicapped Parking Only
Whatever happened to cabooses?
It still beats than the crowds at the High Line.
If you ask me, Blonde on Blonde is soooo much better than Blood on the Tracks.
The Doctor just said, 'Stay out of harm's way from now on and you'll be all right.'
The Power of Two
Do you ever feel like we're pressing our luck?
At least the rent's cheap
You and I, we're gonna keep trying to lick this subway phobia of yours, if it's the last thing we do!
Tell him to stop!
Trainspotting isn't much fun.
It's important to keep the discussion on track.
I haven't met my deductible yet.
I told you leading from behind was a much better idea.
See? I told you. If we had taken the LIRR we still won't be home by now, and we'd be outdoors in the snow. That's how it could "get any worse."
It was wise of you to buy us the extra legroom.
Ah! the 3:42! This will be our last session!.
Be careful not to touch the third rail.
Well, we've finally arrived at our place on the beaten track.
Here we go, pal! It's crunch time!
Now THIS therapy should do the trick!
Oh, great! Another insecurity dream about our sex life.
Let's go over this whole "lightning never strikes twice" theory of yours again ...
I see our time is up.
This rehab center may not look like much, but I couldn't find a single bad review!
I don't get it. I've always heard "just stay away from the third rail and you'll be fine."
I liked it better when you talked me off the ledge
How did you hear about this magic bullet treatment again?
Call it pop psychology but D train desensitization promotes extinction of phobias.
Last time we did this the train went the wrong way
Not only that, I'm also developing a vitamin D deficiency.
I've always been attracted to the wrong side of the tracks
We'll be downtown in no time.
The rest of the furniture arrives tomorrow.
The little engine that did.
It's early.
Next week, same time, same place.
This might be a case of rapid transference.
I heard of traveling psychologists, but this takes it to a new level.
The odds are that they'll go forward this time...
I hear that in the future they will be switching to crash dummies.
Hopefully, this goes better than last time.
Shoot, we missed our train once again.
Noise ?? What noise ??
Hit us once, shame on us. Hit us twice, we're gonna sue.
As long as we're not on that dangerous third rail, we should be fine.
This is the last time we are riding economy class.
I wouldn't want to arouse you angst any further, but did you notice that the train has no wheels on that side?
This still isn't quite the way I thought we could explore your inner fears.
Normally I use the 'A' train.
It was traumatic for you, and for me, but there's plenty of hope in the science of mindfulness.
Did you check to see if our policy excludes preexisting conditions?
Perhaps skydiving is a better extreme sport.
I can see your house from here.
Just a couple of virgins would be nice ...
"D" as in "Deja vu".
No worries, it could be days before it comes again.
The essence of any phobia therapy is learning to stop and redirect your negative thinking.
We might not like it, but President Trump has made the trains run on time.
We'll get a free ride now
They say the best way to recover from trauma is to face it again, head-on.
You're right, this is way better than taking the F.
Have some faith - we stopped it the first time
...and this is a recurring dream?
how lucky that they had a first-aid kit on board!
How does the prospect of imminent death make you feel?
I love being past my deductible.
Trust me, this time it'll work.
Amtrak, what'd I tell you?
"Convenient to public transportation", my foot...
It's just a local pain.
What are the odds it will happen again in exactly the same place?
The nurse said this is the waiting room, right?
I'm telling you... you've GOT to face your fears
Be careful when you get up...that third rail is electrified.
These fare hikes really do cost an arm and a leg.
Looks like the New Yorker is insensitive to the innocent lives lost in the subway to terrorism in Brussels.
YOU SEE, DR., MY MOTHER NEVER LOVED ME...
The secret is to set the chairs after the train goes by.
I'll ask you one more time. Two plus two equals...?
Trust me... Superman will save us
I'm pretty sure Freudian analysis is based on theoretical trains.
From my seven-year-old son, Henry: "TRAINing myself to relax."
That’s the last time I’m going to fight those jam-packed crowds on the 5:06 out of Grand Central.
Just to say - this is the last time I'm going along with your 'no pain no gain' theory
Bum wheel?
Like I said the last time--As long as we don't touch the third rail, we should be good.
We shouldn't have signed up for the discount health insurance plan.
It's best we don't get off track.
So THIS is the Donald's Endlösung.
You mentioned feeling like you keep getting run over by a train. Tell me more about that.
I think we're getting off track here.
Let's hold that thought for next week.
Well, we tried the high road.
I don't like these seats
I hate accident recreation.
I'm pretty sure this is the back of the train.
We'll get it right this time.
We might not like it, but Pres. Trump's made the trains run on time.
File it under the, "Lightning don't strike twice rule." We're good.
I'm sensing a breakthrough.
I told you we needed to be more specific in that living will.
Chair men of the bored.
I told you not to pull the emergency cord.
I guess this is what passes for healthcare these days.
They give me Medicare on line
So, brainy, this double suicide idea has already cost three arms and a leg!
Ya think our Obamacare is gonna cover this?
We won't protest this time.
You opted for the 'put-out-to-pasture PPO' too? At least there's no deductible.
These new training sessions are wearing me out.
That was a close call!
I thought you said reliving the experience would take the fear away.
Ok, it was a bad idea to let the railroad arrange our rehab, but that doesn't make me crazy!
Uh oh, looks like we're running over again.
When I said 'we were going to catch the train,' I didn't think you would take me literally!
Do you think the "D" takes us to the hospital?
We seem to be stuck on the same track.
Relax, they always stop for a sick passenger.
So once again, I think it's time to stop.
And how will this make you feel?
This is not the right track to recovery, is it?
Welcome to my house.
If we cause a wreck we're screwed.
We're going to try something new today.
I'm very invested in my patients.
No, thinking about ones mortality is actually very common.
We really can't go overtime again this week.
And how did that impact you?
Freudian.
Oh snap, here comes the 5:08 to Pelham again!
I'm afraid we're out of time for today.
We're just about out of time.
Third time better be the charm.
All things considered, though, you can't beat the $800 a month rent.
I never liked retakes.
I think we represent the other candidates in this tortured metaphor of the Republican primaries.
I think this should be our last session.
I think it's time to find a new man cave.
We're not on the right track
I think we're on the right track, Mr. Carstairs, but token payments will only devalue your progress.
Before Obama Care Dr. D had a nicer office
Wish my wheelset had come on time... Somehow I feel calmer with the Northbound D Train... This is usually more fun with pennies...
I keep on having this recurring dream...
So we're making our way down from the "A" Train, Duke?
Oh crap! I forgot to re-fill my MetroCard.
I guess there are no more cabooses.
I told you we should've signed up for Medicare
But as we established last week, the Subway DOES exist.
Breakthroughs are always painful.
Don't get too comfortable.
No, I really want to be rescued.
Take your time-you're my last patient of the day.
This seems as good a place as any to recuperate until the "E" car arrives.
Sooner or later we need to find Zoe!
I'm beginning to think the new product durability standards are a little extreme.
Next time let's not ask for the Club Car.
I've got a bad feeling about this exposure therapy.
What does it say in our contract about being laid off?
It's all about the gentle warm breeze.
Just seize the moment! Short lives matter.
When ya gonna get your license back?
1. Watch out for the third rail. 2. This commute is killing me.
I swore I'd help you or die trying.
Family as primary care givers is not a good plan.
I hear it's a safer neighborhood on the other side of the tracks.
This is what life feels like when you don't go to college. Kids, do yoursleves a favor and do good in school!
We really should be getting back
beep beep, move over roadrunner.
Let's just watch the ballgame at home, you said...
Oh Magoo, how come this roller coaster isn't moving?
Don't worry, it doesn't hurt as much the second time around.
It's supposed to encourage quicker mobility...
Oh he will see us. That is Thomas.
"This is the best hospital, isn't it Larry?" (by Frances Bell, age 6)
Maybe now our lawyer can get them to increase their final offer.
It's the price you pay for living life in the fast lane.
Whatever happens, make sure you don't touch the third rail.
Just once more-we can cure you of this irrational fear of trains.
It's not the most glamorous job, but somebody's gotta do it.
I told you to mind the gap.
What more could possibly happen to us here?
Do you think we'll get dental this time?
Hair of the dog, Smythe. Do I have to explain everything?
So, we need to face our fears. No matter how much it hurts!
Well, this ought to do the trick.
Why must it always be about sex?
This is the last stop.
They were really nice about helping us off the train.
I call it the My Line.
This guy's drumming is so healing!
But people always said we had tunnel vision.
Its 3pm, we call this the 3-D experience
Just stay away from the third rail. That's really dangerous.
I am not sure the insurance company is going to buy this.
I'm giving up on subway assisted suicide.
That train had a loco motive.
History will record that driverless cars have needed hundreds of human interventions to stop accidents!
It's getting better. Last time it was just my wrist.
I don't understand what's holding up the lounge car.
I just can't continue to repeat your past with you...
It's hit and miss.
Where'd we get off track, Frank?
What do you think we got wrong last time?
Relax! This one leaves for Georgia around midnight.
Yesiree, we're the lucky ones. You should see where my cousin, Bob, the bridge painter, is recouping after HIS worker's comp accident, on the Verrazano.
Mistakes were made.
When the doctor said we were lucky, let's see how lucky.
You look like a train wreck
Where else you gonna get part-time and benefits?
If the the insurance company doesn't pay this time,it'll be my last time!
Two days. I've been specializing in aversion therapy for two days.
When the agent said the listing was a tad rustic but very convenient to the D Train, we should have asked, "How rustic and how convenient?"
I think that we are doing couch surfing incorrectly.
You're lucky you know. You almost hit the third rail setting up your chair.
Wait, is it coming or going?
Make no bones about it--the train is never, never late.
Like a good neighbor ...
This one should be a real doozy.
It oughta be the F train. That cartoonist really got upset when you told him he left off the right rear bogie.
Too bad our insurance won't pay for a better rehab facility.
When we're finally done overcoming your fear of trains we can start on mine.
Preoccupy yourself enough to relax.
Whatever happened to 'if you see something, say something'?
Did I hear someone say, "All Aboard!"?
Aah...it's good to be a Teamster.
I feel railroaded into this therapy session.
Did Frank Underwood recommend you?
Gradual exposure, Bob. That's the key.
Wait, aren't we supposed to fake the injury after we wait in front of the train?
Do you have to be alive to sue?
We're trying to be the first New Yorkers to get hit by every train. 3 down, 19 to go.
An obscure reference and a snarky comment-but the quotation marks make it funny; it's the quotation marks.
You sure Doc offered a discount on new casts?
You're repeating the same mistake.
Look, no sparks.
I sure hope collision avoidance works better this time.
I told you the locals don't go here anymore.
No one saw the movie either.
Don't be silly! Everyone knows lightning doesn't strike twice.
Sometimes I just feel I'm on the wrong track...
I've always been a pessimist
Looks like our time's up for the week, Jerry.
Brighto! Brighto! It makes old bodies new. We'll sell a million bottles.
I'll admit, sitting here is a bit perilous, but the view is amazing.
Alternative to smoking
I wouldn't call it an existential threat...
"Do you think our lawyers got our tweet?".
Looks like this filibuster's left the station, Hank.
A $100 co-pay for Fentanyl! Did you hear Part D's gone mobile--You don't say?
I'm glad we had this talk.
You must be dying for that cast to come off.
This is the last time I play Chicken with you.
Oh nothing, I thought you said something.
Don't worry, it all will heal till the next one comes
Yes, I'm sure these sessions will deal with your phobia.
The train waits for US!
I mean, what are the chances?
First time the milk train didn't stop here.
Next year, I pick the vacation spot.
I really hope that "D" stands for "death". Cuz' we have already tried "A", "B", and "C" trains. Ya know what i'm saying?
I'm protesting the quality of the tissue in the onboard restrooms. What's your beef?
Hey, it's only every 10 minutes, and we're living in Bryant Park.
"Relax, the "Mobile Hospital' is just as good".
I blame Obama.
Tom, you really put the D in analysand
Easy Carl, you're touching the third rail here.
My doctor says I'm right on track.
Surviving the 8 story jump from their office derailed their plans so Bill and Jim decided the train was a better way to go.
I admit that I didn't really investigate the Pullman Health Insurance facilities before I signed up.
Sometimes immersion therapy can be a tad intense.
There may be some lingering resentment....
I guess the 'D' doesn't stand for dead.
I think we should go back to Avoidance Therapy Mr. Spangler
So I said, what's the odds if getting hit by train twice?
I've fixed the brake this time.
Remember: don't touch the third rail.
And how long have you had this fear of the letter"D"?
I get the feeling we're on the wrong track again.
I think the train is a metaphor for your divorce, Sam. Or, you're just scared to get hit by another train.
You'll be fine. We're nowhere near the third rail.
I don't know about you, but it make ME feel terrible.
They put us on the wrong side of the tracks again.
Wasn't I fortunate to find a shrink with a similar Death Wish?!
I fear the "D" means dumb luck.
Another figment of my imagination, doc?
Let's not follow that train of thought this time.
Actually, I don't participate in my patients' dreams
This might be my last psychology experiment.
Whoa, Déjà vu.
Next time just *tell* me about your dream.
You were right, we should have just taken a cab
Yep, I remember when they took you to a hospital. Sometimes you even got a room.
Can't hurt us this time, Fred. First, it's smiling. Second, only has wheels on one side.
You're not insane if you're not expecting a different result.
I don't care how much it costs - next time we're riding on the inside.
Let's dig a hole!! Ha ha ha!!
I'm having a few doubts about our staycation.
Maybe we'll reach our deductible now
In hindsight we could have found a better way to protest the line getting shut down.
You gotta cigarette?
It seems we got sidetracked
Maybe next week we can confront your fear of The Vagina.
I hate that sadistic motorman who stops the train before it hits us.
It could always be worse.
Relax - we're nowhere near the third rail.
Trainspotting is less pleasurable than I imagined it!
I hope your ex was right, when she said, "third time's a charm!"
"Just a little disappointed in our physical therapy cover".
...it did get worse.
Sounds like a Tornado coming.
So you also think quality control's an iffy career path.
Why do you think that these sessions make you anxious?
Perhaps exposure therapy wasn't the best way to go in your case...
When is something interesting gonna happen?
Let's call off the bet.
Sometimes I feel like I keep setting myself up.
I guess you're right. Your life is a train wreck.
Looks like this is the end of the line.
NOW do you believe that realtor saying?
I'm voting for Bernie! My hedge fund is in the toilet.
That reminds me: I also have a Vitamin D deficiency.
I thought you said this was the end of the line.
IF YOU DONT SUCEED THE FIRST TIME, TRY TRY AGAIN
We'll be okay as long as we don't touch the third rail.
I'm thinking this time is not going to be better!
Oh, it's just D train.
I thought it had a lounge car.
yeah... under my new PPO this is the best room I can get
Death: Take 2
Sue for a million? That train just left.
I'm having second thoughts about this train phobia therapy.
Passed by as if we were not even here.
"I told you we were on the wrong track".
I told you not to sign that timeshare contract.
This will be a quickie.
My life also started out on the wrong side of the tracks.
No better place to be in traction than the tracks.
It's the last one on our bucket list!
Let's try once more to figure out what the train symbolizes.
I would give my right arm for that chair.
...and there’s no such thing as global warming.
Fred MacMurray made it look so easy.
Is this what you call my 'repetition compulsion'?
We need to rethink the living room.
Looks like we're on the wrong side of the tracks again
Does hitchhiking work as well on the tracks as it does on the road ???
I hear this is an up and coming hipster area.
This is what happens when our parents don't let us play with trains
It's on time! This is the best luck I've had in 2 months,
So in our last session you likened your divorce to being in a plane crash. Today, you say it feels like a train wreck. Walk me through what that's like.
Ya' can't beat the rent!
From now on we're playing it safe. No more selfies!
What else do we have to lose?
This time, let's try to not run from your fears.
It's been so much more convenient since Uber converted to driverless vehicles...
Nope, I'd still rather not talk about your family coming to visit.
..."that Kevorkian guy still around?"
I'm beginning to think this may not be a convalescent home.
OK, now concentrate and visualize what the train wheels looked like on the other side
I told you I'd keep you on the right track no matter how painful it got.
I think I may punch-out early today.
This isn't what I meant when I said we need to get our lives back on track.
I thought 'Obama-care' would go off the tracks
I would have preferred a better view, but the price was right.
I'm telling you for the last time, no more double dares!
Well, I guess we are cast offs
This new insurance company stinks.
Now you're on the right track for a big breakthrough.
This is not what I meant when I said that we should downsize and travel more.
We'll get more from them this time, I promise.
We're going to keep trying, Phil, until you overcome your fear of trains.
Sooner or later, everyone hits a third rail in therapy, David.
Ahhh...here it comes...three months in a nice hospital bed....three squares a day...pretty nurses...What could be better?
Let’s explore why you always feel run over.
You dared us to terminate...Now, let's try again.
Still doubt the power of positive thinking?
If this doesn't get us on disability, nothing will.
I think we're getting somewhere. Let's try again next week.
Our new nurses better be single
Are we about to run over time again?
I feel like I'm an accident waiting to happen.
I am positive that I said that I wanted the "D" train; not that I wanted to be detrained!
Are you getting a whiff of deja vu?
I was expecting the Q train.
I've been living on the other side of the tracks too long.
Who knew the Bronx was up and the Battery down
So then she said it was time for 'exposure therapy'...
I should really consider raising my hourly rate for a safer neighborhood.
Oh well, the five ten should be along in a few minutes!
Waiting for a late train is like adding insult to injury.
This is the last time I will live in a railroad apartment
And we thought there'd be nothing to worry about once we got on to the tenure track.
So you really think your life is a train wreck?
Hey look! Our train's finally come in, and we ain't at the airport!
Close your eyes and go to your happy place .... quickly!
I think we've been left in the lurch.
Just like I said the last time, if the train backs up, which again is highly unlikely, we'll deal with it. Now just sit back and relax.
I feel like you're avoiding the larger issues here.
So this is President Trump's healthcare plan!
Beats the porch every time.
Doc, ever since you tried to show me that traffic is not dangerous, I have been having bad dreams about our sessions.
I guess they weren't kidding when they said sitting at the front of the train this time would cost us an arm and a leg...
Double Indemnity Cast Party
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger! Really?
Looks like my 5:22 is early again.
The gift card is never worth it.
Those who say Obamacare is derailed don't know what they're talking about.
Maybe your fear of trains isn't completely irrational.
I thought you said we would be in the lounge car.
Don't worry, you won't find a D train here, they take the bridge.
I dunno Bob, I just feel like Trump speaks for me.
Isn't this the same breakthrough about childhood trips to Coney Island we had last week?
So I thought, "Why am I in such pain?" Then, it hit me.
Tell me more about Dad.
Didn't he say, "Stay on track for a full recovery"?
Ralph, it just hit me how unlucky we are!
Whenever you think it can't get much worse, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
You think there will be similar ADA accommodations at Coney Island?
Claim a pre-existing condition.
If it doesn't work this time, we'll just have to learn to live with Trump as President.
This is 'Psycho' therapy
agreed, the last track did have impact, but let's skip this one!
Yes, this was the preferred way to find out what having over three hundred train dreams really means.
These local trains are going to be the death of me.
It does halfway work but these other consequences are a pain.
It's a paradox, I know, but we're safe.
Alright Carl, second times a charm right...
No, as a matter of fact, I do not think we're too close to the third rail again.
Standby just isn't what it used to be.
Negotiating with management is no longer a Win-Win.
Ever feel like your life has come off the rails?
We have to find a safer hobby than Trainsquatting.
Well, it looks like our time is about up again.
Let's discuss the idea that repeating the same behavior and expecting a different outcome is insanity.
Stanley and Maude always thought that the third try was a charm.
Next time don't take it literally.
Bronx Pledge Week
How far to the handicapped ramp?
So ya think I have loco-motives?
Trainspotting becomes as a contact sport.
No, you're not insane because you're expecting it to be a little different this time.
Trains do go in reverse do they?
Tell me again why the test dummies need a vacation?
We don't sweat the small stuff.
I hope like hell they get the lighting right on this take.
Well, it beats physical therapy.
We were just relaxing and minding our own business.
You're right, it's hard to pin that one on mom.
That long recovery time they talked about doesn't sound so bad right now!
You lose, it was the D line last time too.
This one smells like stale ketchup.
Going, going, gone!
It's all so random.
According to the manual, and where I think we may have gone wrong in the past, is that we were supposed to move 10 minutes ago.
Does anyone need to stop at the bathroom before the meeting?
I'm seriously beginning to doubt this whole 'no pain, no gain' philosophy.
There's gotta be an easier way to wake up without coffee.
I'm afraid our time is almost up.
Yeah, it looks like this one needs new brakes, too --
The Obamacare-Amtrack merger has a few kinks.
Something's not right. In my dream it's the 'A' train.
Frank said it best: "Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today"
'Okay, so the benefits should kick in after this one.'
Stop complaing. They're always late.
This is not what I meant by alfresco dining
We might want to reconsider the detriments of catastrophic thinking.
I told you !This line is always on time.
Relax. They announced a sick passenger.
Don't worry, this will get you closer to your mother.
Now we're being left in a tunnel? Could our day get any worse?
We are back on track.
We never saw that bus coming.
Hold on, I have to catch a train.
Look! If we dive forward, we're saved! No wheels of the left side!
So you see, your fear of rats, too, is unfounded in reality.
Another day, another dollar!
Ready? Maybe we'll get luckier this time.
You sure the local goes fast enough to finish the job?
Volunteers test new battleground casts
Trust me - My healthcare is gonna be SO great.
Maybe this time I'll be lucky.
I wouldn't have taken him literally when he said we were on track for retirement.
Conflicts between the conscious and the unconscious are usually solved by the MTA, but this is getting ridiculous.
If I'm right, you go back on your meds. If you're right, you get to rewrite Einstein's definition of insanity. Deal?
If this doesn't cure your fear of the subway, nothing will.
My boss says I need to get on track.
Relax... Everything will be fine.
This is nothing. You should've seen my last VA hospital.
GORGEOUS View! WON'T LAST!
Like they say: 'If at first you don't succeed, try, try again'
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
I thought you said our seats were in the back of the train.
Just like with the fear of falling of a cliff, we will deal with the fear of being run over by a train in the same way
Tis only a flesh wound!
Can you read the top line?
This should cement our disability case.
I told you, things are always better the second time around
This time you are 100 percent sure this was the last train for the night?
Don't worry. We're covered for pre-existing conditions.
We probably shouldn't have signed up for the fast-track coverage.
Are you sure that's the way exposure therapy is supposed to work?
We'll make a killing on the insurance this time.
I put all my chips on this one.
I distinctly remember you telling me to stay on track.
The D train is the fastest way to Yankee Stadium.
Whose bright idea was this?
Are you sure it was "Take the D Train"?
Now do you understand, doc?
After all we've been through, you picked one hell of a way to get to the Bronx!
I know this is painful for you, but it is nothing compared to Manhattan Office rental rates.
When does disability kick in?
Beach is a state of mind
In the 3rd quarter, we were sidetracked by the Iron Horse’s defense, and I was derailed by injuries. What’s your story?
And yet our furniture comes out unscathed each time.
will it hurt?
My last shrink complained that I keep reliving the accident.
This is a step up from our usual slip-and-fall scam.
So who knew the D train has a bar car now?
Nothing is inevitable.
I am pretty pumped to make the 'playing chicken' final, but must admit that the wear and tear is getting to me
Yes, well, terrorists are much more likely there than here, Dudley.
In hindsight, I don't think it would have worked even if the trains did run on time.
I used to feel guilty about being a burden on the health care system, but not since Obamacare covered pre-existing conditions
Us jumping off the roof helped with your vertigo.
Tell me again, Fred, what's that word for "calm after the storm'?
See?! This is exactly the type of HMO screw ups which are totally avoidable.
"When I applied for a job as a buffer I thought they wanted me to polish cars".
It's immersion therapy. No risk, no gain.
Well, at least we're back on track.
So, I filed for disability and they told me it has to be a verified accident to receive payment. Well, this should do it.
I could've sworn the ad said subLET.
This feels like one of those new reality shows.
Now I want you to pay attention to how this makes you feel.
Yes. Now I'm beginning to feel your pain.
Don't forget we're here to deconstruct your old self.
After this I think we'll be ready to tackle your fear the of heights.
What if I were to say there is no such thing as an accident?
I know it will stop this time!
They think they might have worked out the bugs in the brakes.
Maybe next time you won't use your cellphone in the quiet car.
I think you'll find that it's not the Doppler effect per se.
Daniel: That was the worst of times. Oliver: And the best of times!
Why else would we do this? We're jackasses.
That's nice, but we're here for catharsis, not deja vu.
Will this really help our Worker's Compensation claim?
I thought alternate side parking regulations were suspended today.
Are you sure this is part of the High Line?
I'm thinking of getting another hobby
I think this one's the game changer.
Hey Bernie, put it on the tab!
We're here to get the trains back on track.
Look, no one's ever died of déjà—.
They really need to update their emergency brake test.
Riding the rails isn't as fun as it used to be.
I'm not sure your method of treating my train phobia is working.
Quick question, remember how we got here?
This time I'm worried! Our name is Katz not Cats
Doc, professionally speaking, is this dream a metaphor for my life, my marriage, or what?
Eminent domain can take my land, but never my home!
This doctor is in training!
As your therapist, I want to feel your pain, but we may have crossed some boundaries here.
Nobody can eavesdrop here.
So tell me about your fear of being hit by a train
Ah, now THIS is al fresco!
Don't worry, it's self-driving.
I meant transference, not train interference.
What I'm trying to figure out is why we have to pose for this "investigation" picture. The perils of homelessness have no bounds.
Whew!Another close call!
Maybe this will cure your fears.
Death is late. Again! OR Gidot is late. Again!
Your fears are genuine and deep-seated.
They say the best therapy is to relive the trauma in a comfortable setting.
Is this Cheney's best train of thought?
Some people just have bad luck, is that what you said?
Hun, are you sure this is the High Line?
President Trump's got funny ideas about job creation.
I think we're doing this 'riding the rails' thing wrong.
You think this will finally use up our deductible?
Are you certain Medicare will cover this?
Your time's up.
Is the "D" train going to make "us" great again?
I like him too, but just because Bob Dylan sang Slow Train Coming doesn't mean it's always going to be true.
I just can't shake this feeling of impending doom.
I guess this really wraps it up.
I'm not moving again. You?
I can't find the time to relax anymore.
Bob, do you feel like play bowling tomorrow?
I'm thinking we should go back to turnstile jumping.
Talk about Paris! They have just announced another strike on line D of the RER!
The real estate agent told me we moved to the right side of the tracks this time...
Is your rehab on track?
This never gets old.
Don't worry, the D train is constantly out of service.
These casts really are indestructible!
I just switched my health insurance
This time appears to be more than just an error in judgment.
Where do you see yourself in all this?
Oh yeah - the third rail. Now that'll kill you.
Its "D"train boss, its "D"train!!
This is gonna be one helluva law suit!
Don't worry, lightning never strikes . . .
Well, I'd say we have a 50/50 chance.
Trust me on this...The second time's the charm.
This is the second case of crash test dummy delusion that I've seen today!
Looks like the train is going dangerously fast again.
Don't worry. The D-Train is punctual 82% of the time. We'll catch the next one.
Batman to Superman: It's showtime now.
My life's work was getting this chaise lounge through a turnstile. What do I do now?
I can't even imagine what would have happened on the 'F' train.
Just one more good insurance settlement and I'll be all set for retirement.
If this doesn't work out, we can try taxi
I can connect the dots from A to C but not to D.
I’m hoping to get my life back on track.
When's the last time this train got anywhere so fast?
At least we're not waiting for Godot
No not now! We'll deal with you fear of flying some time next spring.
Remember, they can't turn you away just because you have a pre-existing condition.
It's a shame they moved us out here. I hear the A train treats their casualties a lot better.
Look, training is SUPPOSED to be hard.
I thought you said you shut the door!
All this medical care is free now. So happy!
When my ex-wife said she was taking my Vitra lounger I knew that this is the only solution.
I know, it's never quite like the first time.
If it doesn’t work this time, I’m moving to Oregon.
I know you love Obamacare, but how about Miami instead of the West Side?
Be prepared.
I don't want to seem like a broken record, but it's time we moved to the right side of the tracks!
I think reliving your trauma isn't doing either of us any good.
I told you he'd come back to apologize.
On the sunny side, we won't have to put up with the itching.
Shoot, I think left the stove on.
Trust me. I've had excellent results with this kind of trauma re-enactment therapy.
Stranger Under A Train
It's better than taking the pus bus.
"Well, there are other ways to get to Coney Island.
How would you describe your divorce in less vivid terms?
What's he grinning about?
I think we need to talk again about your man-of-steel vision.
I want you to focus more on your immediate future, which is why I've switched locations to a local line.
Lightning never strikes twice.
Now let's try exploring your relationship with Betty Lou without using props.
Dr. Mortimer's dream theory suffers a major setback.
We call it method psychiatry.
It would take a keen sense of humor to express why we were lucky that this train wasn't running on all its wheels.
I'm telling you, we have to get the demo tape for Survivor just right.
If this doesn't work, I'll kill myself.
If at first you don't succumb,try, try again.
I've never known a conductor to come down so hard on passing gas in the car.
Oh sorry, I wanted the C train.
The light at the end of the tunnel is an oncoming train.
...and the insurance company won't suspect a thing!!!
Occupy Metro started off pretty strong.
We're right on track for our training
One last game of chicken?
I told you all we would do jumping off the roof was break a few bones. Now this ought to work!!
What seems to be the trouble?
Does 'lightening doesn't strike the same place twice' apply to us?
No one forced you to hire the guy who teaches people to face their fears head-on.
Thought you said the worst was over
These trains are ruining our feng shui.
Perhaps we should try a different approach
As long as the “lightning only strikes once” idea holds, we should be ok.
Don't look now, but this track was marked ACTIVE - NO RAIL FANS ALLOWED.
We got railroaded.
I think we’ve started out on the wrong track.
Okay, let's start where we left off last Thursday.
I told you we should take the A train.
I can't find my transit pass.
This ought to help with your insomnia.
It's not as safe to wait for the D train here, but at least it smells better than the platform.
Coming home is always the best part.
Worth it. Just love trains.
Meeting our deductible should not be this hard.
Sometimes a train in a tunnel isn’t just a metaphor.
But, it's like I told you last time: What doesn't kill us, makes us stronger.
Finally—these delays are killing me.
It's just ridiculous how high transit fares have gotten.
I never knew train-spotting in a city would be such a dangerous hobby.
When did you hear this line was out of service?
Really? I prefer Blonde on Blon.....oh.
Relax; it's only an Escher drawing.
I understand - It looks a lot worse than it appears, but you are on track for a speedy recovery.
It’s normal for a patient to resist termination.
Yeah, we missed it but you still can't say we've never caught a break.
Fourth time's a charm.
Damn the critics. Let's rearrange the deck chairs.
This should make us more symmetrical.
We were rehabing until the D train passed by us!
We should make our deductible after this.
I understand. I know it looks bad but you are on track for a speedy recovery.
I told you the D was running this weekend
Trust me, I'm a doctor.
I don't know that your insurance will continue to cover our sessions here.
How many times a week do you have this dream?
After our last session nothing would surprise me.
is she smiling on us?
It's strange how I never saw it coming.
can't always assume it's going the other way
Reliving experiences is good for the mind.
Are you having that dream again right now?
maybe they will get it right this time.
Don't tell me you forgot to change the signal to red.
It is a metaphorical train.
I'm having a hard time adjusting to these ultra-modern physical therapy protocols.
Sometimes I just feel like we're on the wrong track.
What was it that made you lose all hope?
Are you sure we're on the side track this time?
We're close to another breakthrough.
This should cure your D-Trainaphobia.
I have been through this before; and you?
Why do we keep testing our luck?
On the other hand, we've already met our deductible.
No question, this D-Train sound is way better than what you get from the A-Train.
Oh, you have a fear of *planes*!
Same light at the end of the tunnel as last time.
I just can't decide if the insurance payout was worth the trouble.
Okay honey, third time's a charm.
Our discount medical evacuation policy stinks.
Don't worry the D Train is never on time.
The first few sessions are the hardest.
They say someone gets run over in New York every 23 minutes.
Time's almost up.
You're my last patient of the day.
You're right, the commute is shorter but it can be hard to sleep in.
Yep. Even our ol' 5:02 knows misery loves company.
At least this time we can say we saw it coming.
I think we can safely cross this off our bucket list.
I make terrible decisions when I'm plastered.
Putting "learning to be fearless" on our bucket lists was not a very good idea.
Let's talk some more about this reoccurring dream of yours.
The view from this Airbnb isn't that much better than the last one.
OK, maybe they'll get it right this time.
Are you sure that this is the Obamacare Recovery Room?
If I go down, we'll all get splinters!
Where did we leave off last session?
Slippery when wet, no kidding.
Is it on time?
Let's not forget what happened the last time our session ran late.
No more messing around with golf carts.
Got a penny?
In London they say, "Mind the gap." In New York they don't say nothin'.
Can we switch next session to the B Train?
So it's not a Pullman sleeper....
Maybe we should have started with your abstract problems.
No, I don't think that train is going to Hogwarts.
I really think we should stop meeting like this.
Maybe this time we should just touch the third rail.
If I could just cast this dilemna into a new light, using a little reverse psychology and not add insult to injury, we could get back on track.
This seemed like a much better idea when we were drinking.
When did you first realize your life was off track?
We've overtrained again.
Yes, sometimes transference can be very painful.
I get the sense our visits are causing you pain...
So tell me, my dear analyst, does this cartoon make any sense?
We ended last session with your keen sense of deja vu. Let's pick it up from there.
What did you expect? We are at the outpatient ward for Highlines D.
Okay I'm convinced, you are not just paranoid.
Biff, this is the best sanitarium our health care can afford.
You said you think you see the light at the end of the tunnel. How does that make you feel?
In today's session, I'd like you to try facing your fears head on by yourself.
With this we should be able to meet our deductible.
I have these crazy thoughts, Doctor--even right now, I feel like we're tied up under Penn Station.
I can see our time is up.
What makes you think your mother is driving the train?
Let's get back to your dream about missing the Brooklyn local.
Once again, I respectfully state that you are on the wrong train of thought.
May be we should run?
Your recurring dreams are having a profound effect on both of us. I am beginning to have doubts about your insistence that we live in a different dimension.
I don’t think this is reducing my fear of tunnels.
I believe the term is 'to miss the boat' actually
This is easy money. Let's get hit again and sue.
Yeah, the most fun part of Munchausen's.
So yes, your need for codependency is the need this will be our last session.
I remember what happened last time we got side-tracked.
Mass transit--the sport of masochists.
Then after refusing to pay, my insurer said they'd fast track my appeal.
I just can't seem to overcome this feeling of deja vu.
Bad day to give up drinking.
Isn't this putting the cart before the horse?
Funny thing, I never even saw it coming!
Waiting for the chaise lounge car
We're keeping the third rail metaphor out of this crazy primary year!
As they say: try, try again.
Last time I took the A-train and all I got was this lousy cast.
Sorry doc, my insurance doesn't have triple indemnity.
I don't think this will get them the results they were looking for
I have to say Doc, I'm deeply impressed by your commitment to Physician-assisted suicide.
I've seen worse Emergency Room waiting areas
Do you think we are getting too old for this kind of demonstration?
We were supposed to be in the hospital.
So it's the D again--we'll continue this on the other side this time, sliding scale.
You're right, Doc. I'm probably not a hypochondriac.
As Freud might have said, Seymour, sometimes a train plunging through a tunnel is just a train plunging through a tunnel.
Once the train passes, pretend you're hurt.
We're just a couple of guys with some LOCO motives.
The neighborhood keeps getting more and more dangerous.
Well, this is the end of the line in more ways than one.
So we are on the right track.
Why do you believe therapy just isn't for you, though?
"The conductor's first and last words to me were "hello" and goodbye".
Not to worry. Its a legal sit-in.
The Economy.
Do you ever get the feeling your life is just one giant metaphor?
Well, looks like we're all out of time for today.
They don't make locomotives the way they used to. In the old days, we'd have still been in the hospital for another two or three weeks.
...You derailed and we are right on track.
Can we talk about something else, I think we're on the wrong track?
So how long until you can get back on the bike?
Your life is literally going to go off the rails .
My wife says I'm careless but I tell her I just have really bad luck.
Next time, lets fly!
See? The brakes work no better on this line.
Now this better get us into 'Hamilton.'
We seem to be cutting it close again, so get ready to roll, this time on the count of two…
Our last session was a train wreck, but now I think we're on the right track.
Just stay clear of the third rail, you'll be fine.
I know that I was wrong about the freeway, but we should be safe here.
I know I've said it before, but "Good-bye, Lenny."
I can't find my ticket.
Cognitive dissonance be damned, this new evidence is beginning to convince me that things are never going to be great again.
Now let's be very clear this time. In your dream, was it a "D" Train that was bearing down on you?
What 1-800 number is our attorney again?
I think we're just accident prone.
Our work together has certainly been rough but now, really, our time is up!
You say you are experiencing a case of "D" ja vu?
Let's just trust Automatic Block Signaling. Yesterday it almost worked.
Unfortunately, the hour is up, but I think your life is back on track.
Let's try to pin down what's causing you anxiety.
Sure, the pay's ok, but the product testing is brutal.
Wait, so...daylight savings already started?
Unfortunately, your insurance won't cover this either.
We're getting our money's worth before our health insurance runs out
Time's up. Let me check my timetable for next week.
All I can say, Ernie, is that was one lousy hospitality car.
I liked it better when we lived on the wrong side of the tracks.
You getting any R & R ?
We'll talk about the tunnel next week.
I've decided to work on my bacterial flora.
Do you think we are on the right track?
Well, yes, there are methods of addressing your fears other than facing them head on. Why do you ask?
I’m beginning to think we’re two tokes over the line.
Don't touch that third rail, Bill. They say it electrocutes you.
Relax. My chiropractor calls it "aversion therapy".
The D train is much, much faster than the A train, trust me.
I know this sounds like a back-handed compliment, and it is, but this is the best Tinder date I've ever had.
Tell all the boys on 42nd Street that I will soon be there !
...The good news is that we'll be fully covered again under Obamacare.
I got this one tangling with a rickshaw in Calcutta
One limb each and comfy seats--hey, not bad for regular fare.
I couldn't imagine being anything other than a stuntman.
A couple more desensitization sessions and you should be over your train phobia.
It's really tough getting seats during rush hour.
Relax, we've already met our deductible.
At least they're allowing manspreading again.
You said you wanted a recliner that vibrates.
I still think a cash settlement would have been better.
This time are you sure it's virtual reality?
My attorney thought class action was a good idea - there is always a ghost of a chance!
My shrink says this is the only way to conquer my fear of being run over by a train and get back to work changing tires.
I feel like we're really making progress on the definition of insanity thing.
Donald Trump said he built this train, a beautiful train, and paid for by Mexico.
Can you scratch my left shoulder?
Three minutes late - again!
Yes, of course our situation is lamentable. But I’ve got some news for you, Harry. Our situation is not nearly as lamentable as the prospect of being struck by a subway car that is rolling toward us even without a set of wheels.
Trust me, I’m a train professional.
Next time, let's just call in sick.
We're safe until someone adds the wheels
Aversion therapy is always a little unpleasant.
I'm thinking our time is up for today.
Visitors hours run about every 15 minutes.
Now in this particular role play, you simply remember not to touch the third rail.
Two more sessions should rid you of your Siderodromophobia.
And how is this going to make you feel?
Maybe we should take the A-train.
Obamacare?
We've learned that your fears are very real.
This is the first time you mentioned your father...
The train missed us!
This reminds me of getting your hopes up in the caption contest.
I just cant shake this feeling, We've been here before.
Harry, this is not the beach!
Agreed--still less painful than a Donald Trump presidency.
This is just the copy under Pres. Trump's Unavoidable Care Act.
And remember: Don't touch the third rail.
I'm pretty sure third time's the charm.
Only eight more times until Cats is off Broadway
Cast-offs
I don't think our lives are going to stay on-track much longer.
How much worse can the 'wrong side of the tracks' actually be?
There's gotta be an easier way.
"Bro,lets do this.do a video tape".
Their triage was good as far as it went!
I know our little scheme looked good on paper, but somehow I feel we've overlooked something in its execution.
Never let a suicidal patient pick the meeting places.
Just worry about the third rail, okay?
Next year I say we upgrade our room to the station platform.
It's called therapy: I'm replacing your unreasonable fear of trains with a very reasonable fear of trains.
Don't sweat the delay, Phil. This time we're the sick ones.
You're afraid? Good! Use that emotion!
I daresay I am a little nervous to tell the doc at our next Death By Subway Phobia group that this exposure therapy has become a bit extreme. Do you think it is working?" "Perhaps a little.
It still beats paying for HBO.
I was just thinking, the "El" with it all.
''Superman was busy.''
Ralph, I don't think we're far enough 'off the grid'.
This is the last time we do acid, right?
Providing we eschew rats and the third rail, the place is quite commodious.
Oh, how I long for a transit strike.
I really feel that we're close to a breakthrough.
''We were working on the railroad. Guess we didn't hear the whistle blow.''
Oh, look it's Dee Train!
I'm afraid that's all the time we have today.
Its the only way I know to get my opiod prescription refilled.
They're not going to pull that eminent domain thing on us.
See, I told you, NYC's subway is safer than the DC metro.
Me? YOU'RE the one who told the doc you felt derailed.
The D Train is early today.
Just how much stronger do you think it'll make us this time?
We're on track for recovery.
I forgot our safe word.
This should get us over the deductible.
Damn D Train... Back at it again
I still can't believe we got these couches through the turnstiles
You won't have to worry about the bill.
Maybe we'll catch a break.
That was unexpected. Have you seen the movie Ghost?
I know the healing process is tough but it still feels like we're on the wrong track.
My HMO suggested this treatment.
I'm thinking of that Dylan song, Raymond, about the all-night girls on the D train; "We can hear the night watchman click his flashlight/Ask himself if it's him or them that's insane"? Look at us. Clearly, it's not him.
For some reason I just have no interest in this current presidential race.
This is great live t.v. I love it. We should come here more often.
You would think they'd learn by now.
