I want my fin call.
It's not about money or connections, detective. Do you want to be a real entrepreneur, or don't you?
Never seen that surfboard before in my life
I'd like the vegan menu instead, please.
I'm telling you, I don't know him. I have no relatives in Amity Island.
You were right, this definitely is a bear market!'
I'm really not that wild.
Story of my life: I swam 2000 miles to get laid and instead end up as lunch for a walking cliche.
How do you expect me to sign that?
I swear, it's a great club if we can get past the bouncer.
Nobody said a word about this at the hatchery.
Seriously? You think I was the trigger man?
Hey Frank, let's separate.
Welcome home.
Before you do anything rash, I should let you know I'm actually farm-raised. Just out on vacation.
It was at this moment that Jerry realized there was no turning back.
I swear, you and your 'live streaming' will be the death of me.
I had Chipotle!
So tell me again why it is so cool that salmon swim upstream?
OK -- you run a diversion...!
You should try spawning like this.
Ok, ok, you win. Downstream it is!
I've never heard of National Geographic. Why do you ask?
Shark vs. State of New Jersey was not what SciFi promised.
I changed my mind. Spawning's for suckers.
I know it's big and dirty, but what do you think about staying in the ocean to start a family?
Spawning, I can't bear it!
You're gonna need a better quote.
I am pregnant, so I get a free pass?
My wife bet me that I wouldn't ask for directions...
Before this goes any further, I'll need to see your license.
You're sure it's not Berenstein?
I'm telling you, if you never try the answer will always be no.
You're the Uber we requested?
The rule is...don't eat for an hour after going in the water.
I told you we should have gone to Miami!
I should be on someone's endangered list by now.
Why is it our kind is always on the wrong end of the last meal?
Someone else read 'The Spawning Habits of Highly Effective Salmon.'
Instinct is overrated.
Did you order the Roosevelt suite?
Behind you!
Just grin and bear it.
I've never met a salmon I didn't like.
But they said I didn't have to swim faster than the bear; I only had to swim faster than you!
If we strut and fret (full of sound and fury) you Sir signify nothing.
I've got salmonella.
Well, the good news is he THINKS he's a vegetarian...
I have hep sea.
Gimme a hand, will ya? I've been swimming all week. My adipose fin is killing me. Say, where's your Smoky the Bear hat? You look ridiculous without that hat. Help! I'm falling!
Excuse me, do you have a moment to talk about Jesus Christ?
So we beat on, fins against the current, borne back ceasely into the vast.
Live streaming certainly offers a better choice.
These aren't the ones you're looking for. You can go about your business.
Oh, and your date was delicious, too.
'No doubt I'm a trout who's about to clout your snout,' Sammie said courageously.
Go for the eyes!
You only eat organic now and we're rejects because we vacationed in the Fint River?
This is no way for one endangered species to treat another.
You're blockin' my game, dude!
Before you do something rash, can we talk about mercury?
Don't worry; we are pescatarians.
On the bright side, we'll only have to live through one bear market!
We've got to stop meeting like this!
That's right, you're a sadist!
Oops!
Move your fat butt, I mean, excuse me sir.
I told you we should have spawned before we left.
Oh, great. I survive years in the ocean, leap waterfalls and dams to get my spawning grounds, only to get eaten by a bear. Story of my life!
We don't care about your water right. We're federal.
'So, what was it like working with Leonardo Dicaprio in 'The Revenant'?'
Spawn of a bitch!
As if this isn't hard enough!
I hate being hunted on a full stomach.
Yuck. I thought they said you only did that in the woods.
Oops, my bad. Wrong stop.
At this point you can't act in awe
You really did mean 'bear left'
Mind if I play through?
Good grief! He couldn't wait for us to make a landing.
I can handle this, I just saw ‘The Revenant.’
Ready, Teddy, Go!
Every year, the same menu.
How do you feel about catch-and-release?
You're not really my type, but what the hell.
Do you realize catching us now will diminish your future food supply?
Excuse me, are we heading in the right direction?
Endangered, Will Robinson! Endagered!
No, we don't know the secret password.
Dad said to look for the diner when we pass the lifelike statue.
Aren't you supposed to be hibernating?
Just spare me the circle of life rationalizations, OK?
Define 'vegan' exactly?
I loved you in The Revenant!
Hi. I'm Ursalla. I'll be your server today.
Wait... Did the directions say 'bear right' or 'bear left'?
I don't want to die a virgin. Lets do it here and call it good.
Get out of the way, big guy. The 99% has arrived.
I guess this really is the finish line - we're finished!
Hop on in. I already swallowed a high quality tartar sauce!
'Let's go spawning,' you said. 'It'll be fun,' you said.
I'm feeling a little bit like our pal Rushdie.
I've always had a death wish.
Alas,the grizzly end.
WOW..! gonna catch me a bear..!
Hope you took care of business in the woods.
Streaming Dead Now.
Smile! We're all about to be on the cover of a nature magazine.
Let us through; we're vegetarian!
I knnew we shouldvha 'I knew we should have used Uber.
Well, they do say spawnography is bad for you
You'll still be hungry if you eat me.
You know what's underrated? Going with the flow.
For the ratings; why else?
I tink I see a Puti' Bear
'Give us a break, pal. We're on our way to get lucky.''
Does a salmon swim upstream?
It's best to go against the flow.
You know neither of us is gluten free, right?!
You can't pin this one on me. I was in the tank that night.
That actor is between you and your cubs!
I sense you're not hear to wish us well.
So you're saying we gotta do this just to procreate? Seems unbearable.
I told you we should have gone downstream!
I swear, there's better eats comin'.
Might as well go ahead with that 'yo-mama' joke.
Give us a break bud, we're trying to get a little action going here.
Fuhgetaboutit. We're not locally sourced.
I bet you can't do this!
Do carnivores eat fish?
Has it occurred to you I'm the one doing all the work ?
Know a good place to eat around here?
What I wouldn't give for Air brakes.
Come on, just jump! Lots of us down here.
Do you mind?
'Spare me the philosophy.'
Have you read about Mercury Levels?
I think we should adopt.
Get a load of the fat deliciously juicy guy next to me.
Maybe It's Time We Start Swimming Downstream
I knew I should have stayed on the farm!
No Phil, I thought YOU were checking Waze!
I'm no longer gluten-free.
Sir, afraid I must ask to see your fishing license.
That's not my handwriting. I don't have hands.
Oh no! I think he's tired of her porridge.
Are we going Upstream ?
Don't worry, I'm a Vegan
Really, the one night she doesn't have a headache.
Well, I had to try.
Nature's Conveyor Sushi...
I gave at the office.
They said you wouldn't dare show up at the reunion.
You don't say. February? What warm weather we're having.
Hello, it's me. I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to eat.
Good idea to put this scare-bear here to frighten away the real ones.
And they say that God doesn't have a sense of humor.
I'm seriously thinking about giving up motherhood.
I'm from Flint.
Uber?
I told you a bear market is on its way!
You're not my type.
Going my way?
I hope this bear has a small mouth!
How about them Cubs?
Mom was right, we shouldn't have spawned without protection
Oh! No!
A bear?? This is SO going on Trip Advisor!
Now we know why downstream traffic was heavy!
If this ends up on beer commercial, my estate gets 20%.
Can we just deal with one obstacle at a time!?
Uber's here.
Why does there always seem to be something standing between me and my dreams?
I knew my sex drive was going to kill me one day.
Can't a couple have a little privacy?
I think I like the sexy nurse fantasy better
Any last words?
That'll be two for dinner.
So much for speed dating!
Of all the streams in all the mountains in all the world, she walks into mine.
You're feeling very sleepy.
You need to eat mor chikin!
Do you know where the exit is?
You should look before you leap.
Now I remember why we swam the other way.
Open, seize me!
Let's see your fishing license.
Catch and release is in effect.
For your information, the connection between a salmon diet and heart health is under dispute.
She's too small and I'm too big, but the next one will be just right.
Bite me !
Well...this is awkward.
I should have settled for 'Netflix and chill.'
Excuse us, coming through!
The two bear eating salmon couldn't believe their luck
Beware, we've got salmonella!
This week...on Jaw and Order
That lousy GPS never told us about this.
I'm sensing that our fate is in his hands . . . I mean paws!
I don't have to swim fast ..... just faster than you.
Where have you been?
For a species so rich in Omega-3, we're not very smart.
The sound of falling water makes me want to go to the bathroom !
Watch this! Triple somersault into his gullet.
Suddenly, swimming upstream takes on new meaning.
I have a high mercury content.
Always wondered why the brute risks life and limb.
I think we missed that turn at Sheboygan.
Outta my way teddy.
You gotta go with the flow, man.
Your call, we just swam up from Flint!
Eat Larry; he wasn't farm-raised.
Get ready for photo op.
Before increasing your consumption of foods high in Omega-3 fatty acids, the latest government studies suggest that benefits are inconsistent and that you should check with your health care professional to see if these foods are best for you.
Look dude. I'll give you a Klondike bar in exchange for my buddy Fred here.
I don't think I like your attitude.
Hey, buddy, can you give me a hand?
'Won't be long until we're all farm-raised.'
I told you we should have turned left at that last stream.
Come on, Fat Boy, make my day!
Why don't you go eat Leonardo DiCaprio.
We should have gotten a room.
Don't eat me, I'm actually farm raised!
Dr. Bear, I presume?
Those Zika virus mosquitos I had for breakfast were mighty tasty. Just saying.
We're on the endangered list!
What's DiCaprio like on set?
I can see an argument for going with the flow
Little help?
12 nominations and I'm the one who gets snubbed. It's because I'm brown, isn't it?
I guess that's the 'exciting local fauna' mentioned in the brochure.
How about if I teach you to fish instead?
One false move and you'll find out why they call us sockeyes!
We can do it. Summon your inner piranha!
He should be concerned about the mercury level in his diet.
We are not the fish you are looking for. You want to grant us safe passage through this waterfall.
So much for our being upwardly mobile!
Look over there...is that Leo DiCaprio?!
Watch out ! Leo's on the way.
Okay, which one of you is Moe?
Existentially, it’s an uphill climb…
This reminds me. I need to do my taxes.
It's true! If we don't make this jump, we're flounder.
Stay calm ...let me do the talking...
Let me handle this. Him! Him! Take him!
Give me a minute to score with the wife and we'll both come back
Let's talk more on my way back.
I regret nothing!
Personally, I'd go with a nice Chardonnay.
If you let us pass,we will name our first child after you.
I'm a GMO!!!
Let me guess, you've given up on porridge and gone Paleo.
I was farm raised in Chile, with plenty of antibiotics.
The gypsy was right!
Take the next one. He is paying it forward.
This is hard enough, buddy!
Honey, why is there a bear in our bedroom?
I am just here for the photo shoot.
I'm like totally full of gluten.
You were expecting someone else?
I appreciate the offer of 'having me for dinner' - but my date's waiting for me upstream.
Your the fish that thought blasting a flash mob salmon run was a good idea!
I didn't say it made any sense. I said it's my biological imperative.
Believe me, that cardiology report about the benefits of salmon oil is totally overrated.
Go ahead and eat me so I don't have to hear about the Iowa Caucas results.
We don't have any honey.
I told you taking that shortcut was a bad idea!
Boy am I a Chinook!
Are you looking at me? Are you? No ! Then who the hell are you looking at?
You look vaguely familiar?
Runs aren't what they used to be
Hi! Don't just stand there, a little help wouldn't kill ya.
Is your school nearby?
Do I LOOK like The Chicken of the Sea?
Damn, I'm still a virgin.
Excuse m, I'm looking for a warm place to spend the night.
The right to 'bare' arms doesn't say anything about catching fish with them.
You look nothing like your profile.
Out of the frying pan...
May I suggest the fresh caviar instead.
DiCaprio is over there, Mr. Bear!
Hey momma! You're bigger than I thought you'd be.
I'm more endangered than you are
Open wide!
You're right, we should have taken the Gowanus.
'The right to bear arms,' doesn't give you the right to use them to catch fish.
Eat us? Spawn you!
Look, Leonardo DiCaprio!
Don't do it! You have so much to live for!
congratulations,you've just been designated catch of the day
Hey Fred, how about we take a breather? This next jump is a bear.
Perhaps we came up the wrong river.
I hate this capture contest.
Maybe we should turn around.
Can we at least have sex before we die?
you better pray he is a vegan.
Et tu Ursa?
Reagan was right, there is a bear.
Now I see why no one else wanted to lead the school, but it's too late.
My mother-in-law is fatter, and she's right behind me.
New research shows that ptarmigan has higher levels of omega-3 fatty acids.
Now who's stupid for wanting to ask directions.
WARNING: I have a high mercury count.
Dam.
Remember when I said you just need to be faster than the other guy? Never mind.
Do you really want to risk my mercury poisoning?
The school? Pass those rocks and take the first left.
Catch us! Catch us! This polluted water is killing us!
Didn't you see the sock on the doorknob?
Make yourself look big.
I wouldn't touch us if I were you. We swam from Flint.
just add cream cheese and capers
Two thousand miles uphill for this?
Just making my way back from the Mercury pool.
Sorry, but Whole Foods has first dibs.
Patience, big guy. Two minutes 'til human stupidity in a barrel.
We need to update our GPS.
Fish out of water!
I may be bigger, but he's much tastier.
Don't go downstream. It's Flint, MI.
I want your soul, I will eat your soul. I want your soul, I will eat your soul. Come to daddy.
Quick, Martha--remember the prayer! Do I need serenity, or courage?
Be patient - there's a 100 pound tuna right behind us.
Oh no, you do not want to eat us. We are farm-raised!
Look, I haven't spawned for an entire year. Do you think we could possibly do this on my way back?
Is this the end of the buffet line?
Are you absolutely SURE it's upstream?
Fresh sheet- Alaskan Wild Salmon.
Abort! Abort!
How about going for best two out of three?
Gimme a break, I'm on my way to have sex.
What does this say about YOUR sex life?
I hate Mondays.
You wouldn't a pregnant mother, would you?
You are blocking the value of this 'spawn' way.
Move it! You do NOT want to start a Twitter war with me.
Loved you in the DiCaprio film.
We heard you were hanging out with Leonardo DiCaprio.
Ok having Lox for breakfast was a bad idea...
You're not from Le Bernardin, are you?
Shouldn't you be in the woods doing something?
These are not the salmon you are looking for.
Listen, you can eat me, but would you first give me a few minutes to, um, uh, take care of, um, some personal business?
Shall we discuss species preservation?
Do you think I have time for one more I told you so?
They didn't say anything about going up the food chain.
Wrong way! Your swimming in the direction of Flint Michigan.
I told you to muffle that biological clock of yours.
Just leave us alone. We're only trying to have sex.
If you think a mama bear fights for its young.
Sometimes you eat the bear and sometimes the bear eats me.
...(inaudible).
Talk about fishy, I steal the movie from DiCaprio and HE gets nominated!
Swimming upstream definitely has its disadvantages!
Little help here?
Any chance you're a vegan?
This is what humans refer to as an existential dilemma.
Don't. I've already been here for three days.
You don't want me, I'm from Flint, Michigan!
His doctor probably told him that adding more fish to his diet will lower his cholesterol.
Leo's right behind me.
You know you don't have to do this...
Sure...we'll just swim upstream, you said. We'll meet some hot chicks, you said.
You should really try the farm-raised stuff - much tastier, I've heard.
I'll ask you one more time, did you knpw Mack Heath?
We're full of mercury!
Don't you know it's meatless Monday!?
Say! Haven't you heard of mercury poisoning?
Tell him you're tilapia.
You sure our spawning grounds aren't at the base of the falls?
My little friend here says you're too old and slow to catch him.
Are you two farm-raised?
I guess it's just time to grin and bear it again.
Excuse me? This is a one-way stream.
Wanna play Marco Polo?
Spawn me.
Negative Gravity
Upstream, you said. They'll never see it coming, you said
Eat more Kale!
You wouldn't like how we taste. We are genetically produced in a farm
I'm starting to see the downsides to working in the on-demand economy.
Salmon? Sorry, but we're salmonella.
I see the bear at the end of the tunnel.
No, not like shooting fish in a barrel!
Trust me, you should give farmed salmon a try.
Know a good place to get a bite to eat around here buddy?
Sal, look at this....as if swimming upstream wasn't hard enough....
And I left Flint for this?
I think you'd think twice if you knew what we were up to.
Nothing to see here. We taste terrible, trust us.
Sorry, I prefer tuna.
See Honey? This is why I didn't want to honeymoon upriver.
I believe by taking this route, it looks as though we may have stumbled upon an Ursa Major problem
Hold still. Maybe he doesn't see us.
If you let us by I'll tell you where you can find Leo
Would you care to try the veal?
If this is your idea of trickle-down prosperity, we're not interested.
Suggest you do a Uey; the sushi chef is upriver.
Up stream all day and then it's got to end in a bear market.
THIS is why I took Swimming Upstream at the Learning Annex?
So when is Donald Duck gonna build that wall?
Why do I get the feeling that I should have stayed at home?
Dam it! I mean, damn it!
Yeah, but they have better schools up there.
Tell everyone that I'll be late.
Fresh, GMO, GMO, Fresh.....
Now I know how Sisyphus felt
'Salmon are among the fattest seafood, and high in cholestorol.' Get the picture, Fatso?
Run to the hardware store, girl. Tell them we need a ladder. Now go!
I admire your entrepreneurial spirit.
WE' 'We're gonna need a different App.
Look, Honey, the spawning grounds have a greeter!
Shoot! I forgot the Russians are in Crimea now.
You do have a choice.
After all these years, the things you have to do for an Academy Award...!
Do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior?
Trust me Phil. This one's all bark and no bite.
When you said bear up this was not what I thought you meant.
My trainer says I need to do this jump 20 more times, but I'd rather you just eat me.
Did we renew that life insurance policy?
Mr. Bear you can never win with a prevent defense.
No bears allowed. This is a salmon 'safe space'.
I now understand why Wall Street prefers Bulls!
I'd like to talk to you about your insurance needs !
Your shoe's untied.
How about we just adopt?
It's ok. It washed his hands first.
I told you we should have swum WITH the current!
Yep, I'm dreaming about my investments again.
Let's talk, one endangered species to another
Don't just stand there. Go prevent a forest fire.
C'mon in. With the market you've created, the least you can do is take a dip yourself!
Border patrol is getting tougher every year.
Please no, I'm a hard working man with children.
The environmental impact of fishing wild caught salmon is not sustainable long term. But my friend Roland here was raised in a pond, so you're cool to grab him.
Actually, eating salmon is supposed to help you lose weight.
Quickly, at 11 o'clock!
Spawned to be wild
You don't want us, we're genetically modified.
I know a card shark when I see one.
Swimming upstream may not be in your best interest.'
Excuse me sir, do you have a minute to talk about our lord and savior?
I know you think I look like salmon, but I identify as perch.
We only have small fries.
Worst day ever!
That's right, you ugly hairball. Just one, teeny step more and you'll have me.
Geez, buddy. Our lives ain't tough enough already?
You know I'm pregnant... right?
Well, hello you handsome beast you.
You wouldn't be that vegan bear we've heard so much about?
I get the feeling we all won't be 'streaming live' anymore.
Seriously, yellowfin tuna is the new salmon.
happy bear pride
Time to learn to swim down stream !
Step aside, Smokey! You're not my type.
Life is good when your dreams come home to spawn.
I knew I shouldn't have tweeted we were coming home.
live streaming
See, this is why I've been celibate.
Fish gotta swim, bears gotta eat.
Wanna play mother may I? Take three giant steps.
Looks like Chris Christie is closing another lane.
Weird that they went with 'rat race' for this kind of thing, isn't it?
I hate this commute.
Can't you just eat your bagels plain?
Sorry fellas: I just gave up my New Year's resolution to go vegetarian.
That's my mother-in-law. I wanted her to meet you.
Remember, they're more afraid of you!
This isn't funny.
On second thought, maybe we should just go with the flow.
I stand correctrd. These rapids are not unbearable.
I thought it was bad enough swimming against the tide.
Spawning may be overrated!
'47 Miles upstream and this is how it ends?!?
I'm not really sure... perhaps if you rip the photo into bits and pieces.
Sweet streams!
Studies show that people who skip sit-down meals in the interest of saving time may be costing themselves unwanted calories.
The worst part of going upstream is the downstream.
So Bear... We meet again!
You know, on second thought, children are overrated.
Out of my way! I'm on my way to New York for a Sunday morning nosh.
We're breakfast. Think virgins and avoid eye contact!
Deal time....If you let us through we'll wire the rest of the group that its 'all clear!'
Don't you want salmon to love?
Really?! From where I'm looking, fish oils are bad for my health.
I bet you can't do this up stream trick Yogi
Ok, but first, let me tell you the story of my journey...
Don't shit where you eat!
rosebud
We're an endangered species.
Can't you reach across the aisle?
You're not hungry, are you?
Hey Mr. Bear..can we get a ride with you.
I wouldn't if I were you. I was farm raised.
Stock Market Straight Ahead!
No, No. I'm pregnant!
You wouldn't eat a talking fish, would you?
Don't eat me for your sake. I'm riddled with mercury.
Little help, then a little self restraint?
Whoever said ‘Sometimes you eat the bear. . .’ never swam upriver to spawn.
School’s out forever.
I was farmed-raised, be smart! Grab the next one.
Swim against the current, they said!
You know the Omega-3's thing is a bunch of hype, right?
This is where the water cleanse meets the paleo diet.
Can't this wait until I've given a future to thousands of little ones.
We're actually farm-raised - are you sure you want to eat us?
Really dude ?
No, but I AM a pescaterian. It's a health thing.
You look nothing like your profile picture
Don't worry, Marge, he's been there ever since Middle Earth disappeared.
Mom was right . . . we should never have left the farm . . . .
Our market's looking bearish
How do I know what kind of wine goes well with me?
Fatty fish is no longer considered healthy.
Bring it on, you low-energy loser!
Now might be a good time to just go with the flow.
Shopping only organic? Well this is our lucky day, because we're not.
We have been Genetically Modified: CAUTION ADVISED!
Don't come near us - we're salmonella.
And that, boys and girls, is how the term 'lie low' was spawned.
He gave this commencement speech at Kenyon based on the assumption that we don't know what water is, which is total fucking bullshit. Joke's on him, 'cause it's now super fashionable to pretend to hate his writing.
Sorry, we are fresh out of caviar today.
They told us there'd be 70 virgins up here!
Yeah, we're playing at Pianos on Monday. We're on first, and I know that kinda sucks, but you should totally come -- that's like a 'name' venue, right?
Now I'm convinced that we're heading towards a bear market.
No seriously...I'm not gluten-free
Damn climate change, he should still be hibernating.
Remember The Revenant
Sal, looks like we are the 'catch of the day'.
Will I still be able to play the piano?
Have you heard the story of Salmonella?
Yes, we're a good fat, but nuts and berries are much better for you.
Uh oh...I knew we should have turned left.
Can you believe I did not get nominated for best supporting actor?!
Please, you go first, I'm in no hurry to get upstream.
Do you have any idea how many contaminants I have ingested? Enough to kill a good-sized bear like yourself.
I mentioned Italian. He's dead-set on sushi, Linda.
This was not in the travel brochure.
Bearing down!
I think I can, I think I can, I...
Actually, we're anchovies.
Can I ask you to take a moment and consider how grossly unfair life can be?
Looks like a bear market for all us this year.
Global warming messing with your winter nap?
Um, does it matter to you that I've been genetically modified?
Calling me 'Honey' right now isn't helping.
Hey! is that Sarah Palin behind you?
Oh *&$@!
I can teach you how to fish.
Well this is going to bite
Act natural!
Let's be the ones that got away.
You! Aren't you supposed to be hibernating or raiding picnic baskets or mauling hikers or being hunted and made into a rug or something?
Leonardo DiCaprio is a much bigger fish, and just downstream.
Please reconsider-I'm genetically modified.
Just so you know, I had worms for lunch.
I said, 'Call Uber. Not Ubear!'
Quick - tell him we're from Flint.
Of all the waterfalls, in all the rivers, in all the world, she walks into mine!
we are loaded with fatal toxins - but - your choice!
I don't suppose you'd let me go with a warning?
How was working with Leo?
He 'Bearly' featured at this years Oscars
I don't know if I can bear it...
Did I mention I swam up from Flint?
The pickles are still in the elevator.
Yeah, I know we're not supposed to be here, but ya know... El Nino.
Sustainable for who?
Did we rise to a bear market?
You wouldn't?
'' ARE YOU WILD OR FARM RAISED ? ''
You were great in that DiCaprio movie.
Ever considered going Vegan?
UH-OH, I hope he is a picky eater.
Go for it!
Sorry. Tainted.
Yogi, catch me if you can!!
Be smart, we're all GMO these days!
Hey, did the water just get warmer?
Is it just me, or does spawning suddenly seem overrated?
You wouldn't hurt an expectant mother, would you...?
boy DiCaprio takes his research seriously!
I bet you are a farm raised bear.
The notion of 'swimming up stream', taken to a whole new level.
Dammit Stanley! I TOLD you to ask for directions back there!
Something tells me this isn't the Uber ride we requested.
I'm high-carb, and I may contain gluten.
Salmon sashimi without a good Kimoto sake would be barbaric.
Hey, I said, 'Mother, may I.'
These aren't the salmonids you're looking for.
Oh well, we never had money or fame, but now that's over, at least we're rich in omega-3's.
Do you mind? I'm trying to spawn.
We smell of fish.
Is this an open arm or open mouth welcome?
I don't care how hungry you are. I need to spawn, dammit.
Say buddy, you mind movin'? This is a One Way stream and I don't have time to detour.
The big bear's plan to control migration: Eat 'em
I'm farm raised and not a source of heart healthy protein and Omega 3 fatty acids and I taste like chicken
Can't you just follow us on Facebook?
Now THIS is fast food done right.
You don't want me, I've been genetically modified.
You really can't go home again.
Any more protein, fat boy, and you'd be way over your RDA.
In my past life I was a lemming.
Bear left up ahead.
What time are you through?
I don't want to be Debbie Downer, but this reminds me of that scene from 'The Dark Knight Rises.'
I've heard farmed salmon tastes much better
Please don't eat us...please don't eat us...please don't eat us.
Come on let's play chicken.
Remember what we learned at the seminar! You're supposed to try to make yourself appear bigger than you really are and he'll back off!
So much, for the I-did-it-my-way route.
I am a very energetic sardine.
We just had to keep going to find some privacy, huh?
Fish, meet barrel.
Your delicious lunch is just two steps forward.
I'm gonna build a dam and make you folks pay for it!
Good eats fresh salmon!
I thought you said Roe v. Wade was a done deal?
It's not safe.
I told you we should have taken the tunnel!
Genetically modified!
Where's the glass ceiling when you need it.
We were born here, so we ARE entitled to run.
We meet again.
No fair.
Not gluten free!
I hear canned salmon is a lot tastier than fresh.
Thank God for upstream swimming salmon
Think mercury.
What do you mean there's a password to get by?
Ironically, I don't even RECALL adding 'spawn' to my bucket list.
Hey bear! Why don't you go fuck yourself?! Fuck you, bear!
I knew we should have taken Elk Creek instead of Bear River!
And Jeff finally realized why his mother treated him and his other 15000 siblings with such indifference.
I take it you're not a vegetarian.
Damn the homing instinct - I'm swimming back to the last pool.
Next time you go first.
Don't worry, I'm on the vegan diet.
It's either a chef or him, you make the call
You must be from Planned Parenthood!
See Morty, I told you he'd forget the bagels.
If you stay perfectly still he won't see you.
On your left.
Continuing my species only if this is the super rare vegan bear.
We're up a creek.
Upstream Catch 'Em All: Nature's version of a rigged arcade game.
What a bunch of Carp....
Oh, crap. So Nietzsche was right?
At least we'll find out if bears really do crap in the woods.
Forget that salmon swimming upstream crap. We just decided to go with the flow!
'Forget celibacy!' you said. 'This trip will be totally worth it!' you said.
This is a helluva welcome home after 3 years at sea.
I should have suspected something... I never get to go first.
I guess I am not as scary at the bear in The Revenant.
A little help here? I'm trying to be the first in my family to spawn in six generations.
Hey, it's bad enough you're trying to eat us, but could you please urinate on land?
The Farmer's Almanac said you would still be hibernating!
Can I interest you in a life insurance policy?
We're smoked.
It's only fair to warn you, my adipose tissue carries elevated levels of mercury.
I thought they said, 'Bear left!'
Please don't do this, I've got 3,126 kids at home.
Dining in?
Don't worry. This generation doesn't know how to fish, they just wait for someone to give them one.
We definitely have more than FDA approved mercury levels in us, so caveat emptor.
You know Yogi is a friend of mine.
We should have taken that left at Albuquerque.
See, I told you it's not the one from 'The Revenant.'
Moving upstate was a mistake.
Quick, lay your eggs
I wouldn't if I were you, we're from Flint!
I'm full of mercury!
Have you ever considered ordering in?
I don't care if they do 'do it' in the woods - we are still up S***'s creek!
I was so looking forward to spawning.
Bummer.
Play dead!
No,no...my name is Warren and I'm here to 'spawn'. You have me confused with a deceased national league pitcher!
Not it!
Dude, we're farm-raised, let us pass.
I've only got three legs, so you've got a fighting chance!
I'll show you wild caught.
By law I need to warn you that I'm genetically modified.
This river is fish only from 1 to 3 PM,
I think I'm about to find out why they're called 'sock-eye'.
Don't tease me. You know what I did to Leo.
I’m telling you, he did NOT show up on Waze.
The things we do to spawn
Everyone has their bear to cross.
Could you at least look surprised?
If you let us spawn upstream, next year you can pick among 10,000 of our children
You have no idea how exhausting this is.
Who were you expecting, Leonardo DiCaprio?
I'm running a fever.
Long time, no sea.
We're 'up the creek' alright!
Can you at least please wait to eat me until after I mate?
One more step, big boy, and your mine!
Darn, should have avoided the HOV lane!
Let me pass. Consider it a Futures Contract.
You know, we're not that tasty without capers and cream cheese.
Have I told you that you were outstanding in The Revenant?
What are ya, a cop?
All that for this?
This is our chance for an Oscar.
'Think a minute! Why would a smart bear like you want mercury levels like ours?
The guy following me is mercury-free
I might mind less if you at least *looked* like you were trying.
Part of me feels good about being wanted
On second thought, swimming upstream to procreate doesn't seem that important.
You should see the big ones following me!
Charlie, you go right and I'll go left.
Gil, let's hold off 'til market conditions improve.
Screw my instincts. I'm going the other way.
Hey Yogi. Why don't you go back to Jellystone!
I'd rather pay a toll...
This is NOT at all what the on-line dating web site promised!
Your can't eat me! I was raised in a lab!
Strange. I always thought I'd die at sea.
Shouldn't you be somewhere else preventing forest fires?
Sorry, did we wake you?
Hey Bobby. Come on in. The water's warm.
Don't believe all that Omega 3 healthy diet nonsense!
Tinder bought me here!
Famous last words: 'we're endangered!'
Bear left. BEAR LEFT!!
Out of my way pal, I got nothing to lose now.
I hope this is only market commentary.
Neener Neener!
Hey Murray, it's me, Craig. Reincarnation, who knew?
Whatever you decide, don't come back as a fish.
Been here before, Herbert. Yellowstone made it for off-season tourists.
You wouldn't eat a guy that has been over-fished, would you?
I told you, Sam. Darwin had it all wrong.
It's God, I see God!
Didn't they warn us in school there'd be days like this?
You said you were a catfish
I'm here to help you.
You know, maybe I don't need to spawn after all.
I'm a Swedish Fish. I might get stuck in your teeth.
I tested positive for mercury, so go ahead 'Make my day'!
Honey, did you update the GPS ... our traffic reports seem to be lagging a bit.
Jump, I dare you.
I ordered beer battered with waffle fries.
Can we negotiate?
Quick! Pop an Altoid into your mouth.
Can't you see you are going the wrong way!
Glass's food first, so he doesn't revenir this time!
That thing bears do in the woods, I'm now doing in the water.
' I told you we should just go with the flow '.
Did I mention I'm vegan now?
You say you'll release me in the woods?
You have to finish your blueberries first...
you know, new studies show omega 3's aren't really what they're cracked up to be!
Please sir, we're the only two left
Well, it's all downstream from here.
I thought you guys just ate porridge.
Well, I fought Decaprio too, and I was not nominated.
The bear whisperer told me to show confidence, so aim for his mouth.
Have you seen my sister?
Nature's version of a cock block
Think vegan!
'I always wanted a threesome'.
THIS is the reward we get for swimming against the current?
I knew spawning was overrated.
No, I mean, 'a bear', literally, upstream is a bear.
Honestly, my mercury level is VERY high!
Gotta go back. She thinks she left the oven on.
I always knew I'd meet a grizzly end.
Cheaper-than-usual 'romantic spawning ground' Airbnb listing comes with a catch.
Bear to the left... I mean bear to the right!
It looked more promising on Nat Geo.
Don't worry, he's probably just cooling off.
I thought he's supposed to be out preventing forest fires.
You go first.
Hey, guys, I'd prefer some fava beans and a nice chianti.
I thought it was barrels we were supposed to worry about.
Boy, you sure know how to ruin a hot date!
Just act casual...
Have you considered becoming an herbivore?
When you said bear left, I thought you were giving directions
you're not one of these immediate gratification bears are you?
I thought you told me they're extinct.
Not all obstacles are imprinted.......
I can't jump THAT high!!
People are never who they say they are on online dating
Quick, how do you do a backflip again?!
While Fred appreciated witnessing the wondrous spectacle at the quiet solitude of Brooks Falls, he recognized that his experience would be quite different had the sockeye been able to scream.
The things we do just to get laid.
Bear to the right, there's a bear to the left.
Just let me get to the spawning grounds. Then I'm all yours.
Remember, Dave, if we lose this boss fight, there is no respawn.
Be my wingman, you said. There's nothing to it, you said.
I won't tell anybody what you did in the woods...deal?
'Tell Coach that I won't be making through our spawning season.
Aahhh... shit.
Oh, crap.
I say we spawn in Miami.
Not exactly the mate I had in mind.
I'm starting to think the sex is not worth it!
I'm high in mercury!
I knew I should have learned how to do the back stroke.
I should have learned to swim downstream.
Spawning, schmawning! I keep telling you we're birds that can swim good.
We have salmonella.
great! this is how it ends, i knew i'd end up a virgin!
Uh oh, he's switched to an upstream production process
Obese Sal is right behind me . . . enjoy.
If I knew then, what I know now, I never would have agreed to spawn my time with you.
Stare down?
I changed my mind, you lead!
Excuse me but the sign said 'Bare left'
You didn't see my cousin swim by here did you?
Welp, this isn't where I wanted to spawn.
Things are tough in this bear market
Please stick to the rivers and the lakes that you're used to.
He can't see us if we stay totally still!
Literally, our goal was to sleep with the fishes. Figuratively, bites.
[Salmon 1 turns to the other] 'Hey Honey, do you remember Frommer's mentioning this part of the scenic river tour?'
Wanna spawn?
Get over here! If I wanted a dinner and a show I would have gone to Benihana!
Don't worry Mabel he's got bigger fish to fry.
Talk about a mood-killer.
Hi, there's a big Asian carp just behind me.
Daddy?
Hey! We're farmed Salmon, we have high levels of mercury.
Just a little closer.
Come on, can't you just take us and make it quick? We'd rather get it over with now than wait for global warming to do it.
Are you from the farm or fresh?
I'm previously frozen.
Promise me you'll be gentle, Ben.
I dare you
My mother warned me about you.
It's tough to swim upstream in a bear market!
Put yourself in our fins
Spawning is the last item on our bucket list.
Don't you need to have a fishing license?
lets not see who is faster turn around
Honey, I think we should rethink having kids...
Which way to the cannery?
Behind you — Minnesota dentist.
Eat more chicken.
So much for practicing safe spawning.
Just passing through, hopefully.
This is what happens when you spawn before marriage.
I tested high in mercury!
I'm swimming upstream to spawn, you're looking for lunch. So, who has the loftier goal?
I bet you five bucks Leo thanks me in his acceptance speech.
Bear markets are not bad for everyone!!
I'll stare him down while you swim up on his right!
Would you please get out of the way
Oh dear----I think the little ones are in jeopardy!!!!!! Oh dear ----I think the little ones are in jeopardy!!!!!!
Don't go all Revenant on me.
I did NOT see this coming.
Why did the water get warmer all of a sudden?
This won't work if you don't open your mouth.
Oh crap, Fred! Turn around! Turn around!
Hey Sam, isn't that the bear from that new movie with Leo?
I knew we should have got off at the first stream.
My brother is smaller, but he more Omega 3s than I do.
By comparison, Sisyphus had it easy!
Would you stepping aside, so we may play through?
Let me lay my eggs before your dinner
I KNEW I shoulda made dat left toin in Albakoikie
Haven't you heard? The EPA says mercury levels in salmon are at an all time high.
This doesn't look like lover's lane
There were no other fish in the sea.
Contraception!
There goes our debut at Le Bernardin.
May I mention that I swam here directly from Flint?
Can we meet downstream in about two weeks time?
Welp, they did say this journey would be a real bear.
Bud, did you see The Revenant?
I'm definitely a barracuda.
'Let's Netflix and chill,' you said; 'It'll be fun,' you said.
Technically, it's called 'ichthyophagy.' To me, though, you're dinner.
It's a bear market! We're doomed!
'Don't worry, I think he's just washing his feet.'
Aren't you supposed to be on Wall Street?
I'm was actually hired to inspect water quality.
If you let me live, I'll tell you where I saw Leonardo DiCaprio downstream.
I told you we shouldn't swim upstream on a Friday.
Just a warning; I'm a GMO salmon
We are trying as hard as we can. We promise.
This is the last time that I let you pick the amusement park water ride.
Where's the sea? 'Cause there isn't very many.
Ha, ha, joke's on you -- we're polluted!
See, they do exist above the wetness of our world!!!
This isn't just about us. Think about the future of our children and generations to come.
'I'm throwing Rick Cieply a surprise party tonight up stream. Bring allll your friends.' Happy Birthday Rick!
You should stick with eating berries; we´re full of mercury and endocrine disruptors that will give you cancer and sap your masculinity.
Seriously?
This is what I get for taking I-20.
Hey, big fella, I'm kinda on my honeymoon here.
Are you sure you want to eat me? I came from Flint.
This fish is too far away. Guess I have to catch it with my BEAR hands.
...and behold, ye shall ascend into the heavens and be consumed by a giant beast
Don't eat me . . . you'll get salmonella!
I'm not a sushi grade salmon.
I've grown accustomed to your face
Mom told me I'd know when to drop my roe.
Don't you know we are endangered?
The highland salmon are gonna love this.
Salmon? Me? No way!
Hi Mr. Bear!!!!!!! My girlfriend and I were already upstream having sex. Now, we are going to swim downstream and take a nap. We swim faster than you going downstream. Therefore, Mr. Bear, GO F*** YOURSELF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Forget it. I'm full of mercury.
You wouldn't happen to be vegan?
They'll never believe this story when we get back to school!
Well I guess I do, and yes I suppose he must be.
I'm OK with this. My brother went out as a fish stick.
But have you ever stopped to ask if you really like salmon?
Why do we swim upstream?
...Heads UP...we got a Smokey ahead!!!
BEAR WITH ME... THERE'S SOMETHING FISHY ABOUT THIS PLACE
Definitely swiping right on these two.
''There's one behind us that should be laying off the donuts.''
Hey Carl look. A stupid bear. I'll distract him. You go around him to the right. I'll go around to the left. He bear! Did you see last night's episode of The Wire?
We just wanted to let you know that the salmon run was cancelled this year
We're escaped farm salmon sick with pesticides
So this is what it means to be an endangered species!
Where are your manners? Let me spawn first!
'You are making this trip upstream to spawn more difficult than it needs to be.'
Spawning upstream is like jumping out of the frying pan and into the gullet.
I'm feeling bullish about downstream today.
You can't eat me, I'm pregnant.
I wish they'd rethink their notion of what a 'Welcome Wagon' is!
Spare me the I need to spawn sob story. One of you is going to be my lunch.
I should have stayed on the farm.
I knew it! We've been floundering!
A grizzly that eats sushi? No street cred there, Bro.
On a second thought, sex is overrated.
Don't look now but there's a hunter right behind you!
Okay, now I'm feeling endangered.
Move over buddy- don't block a pregnant fish with stream rage!
I'm not a natural salmon. I was raised in a farm and am chock-full of artificial nutrients, growth hormones, and some stuff that doesn't have a name. You might want to give me a pass.
Oh stuff it, Jerry. No one believes that was you in 'The Revenant.'
Hey Gentle Ben, how about a hand?
The salmon highest in Omega-3's are right behind us
Oh...bear left...
Hey! %@*#-face! I'm SWIMMIN heah!
So this is Planned Parenthood.
Outta my way, Boo Boo ! I'm on a mission!
I thought you said bare left!
Sorry, but my Vet told me to eat two of you each week.
Rude stare? Just wait.
Which color bear do we play dead for to survive?
Hey there, bear! No one in my family ever told me you lived up here!
I thought the whole farm-to-table craze was out of fashion.
'I think we reached Wall Street. The bears are out'.
Spare us! There are plenty of fish in the sea...
If only I'd paid more attention in conflict resolution seminar.
I'm just here to talk.
We're not the droids...I mean salmon you're looking for
Baked, grilled or raw?
MetroCard? We don't got to show you any stinkin' MetroCard!
Don't eat me. I'm full of gas. That's how we fly.
Must we go through this every year?
To spawn or not to spawn -- that is the question.
I'm not in the mood for pain porn.
Are you my mother?
I know it's a death wish, keep swimming--keep jumping!
No way am I going to believe you are the concierge
Please consider my fleeting romance, before your next move.
Can you give me directions to the sea?
Yeah, this definitely tops Dad's 'Case of the Mondays.'
On second thought...
We can't both be marvels of evolution, can we?
Your wife called... She said she wants chicken for dinner tonight...
And I was proud of being upwardly mobile......
Think about the children. If you let me pass, my children can feed your children.
Dang! Off the endangered species list, I see...
I thought the sign said, 'Bear Left!'
These Bearracudas are taking over the river
You know, sometimes I get the feeling that we're all just swimming upstream
Don't look now, your fly is open.
Well, that's it. Tell O'Malley I did all I could.
You and your 'lets go spawning.'
Speed up when you pass Wasilla.
Now, throw him the steak!
Quick Marge! Did you pack that bowl of porridge?
Sometimes it's just better to go with the flow!
'Recalculating....'.
Back off, buster. We're GMOs.
On second thought, I have a headache.
Don't worry darling, he's a honey bear
Close your eyes! Then count to five.
Get out of the way you big galoot, can't you see we're horny?
how do I climb the ladder in a bear market?
On the other hand, if I get past you, I get to breed.
'You're nut's, the Bronco's defense is way better then the '85 Bear's'!
I call shotgun.
Sometimes in life it is good to swim against the current, but.............sometimes it is good to go with the flow!!
The guy next to me is much tastier.
I think I can take him.
Look into my eyes....you will try the veal...try the veeeeeaaaal!
Knock knock.
I think he likes us!
We picked a bad time to go airborne.
Maybe we should turn around and go downstream this year?
Think of the children!
The tastiest ones are right behind us.
The perils of going against the current
The Voters Are Going To TrumBEAR.
Hello, I'm a Jehovah's Witness. Do you have a minute to talk?
It's never good to be a fish out of water!
The non-GMO river is over there.
Just my luck, a pescatarian.
I told you not to trust that motivational speaker!
You're fat.
Don't believe all you hear about the benefits of eating salmon.
Let's not jump to conclusions.
Just a statue. Just a Statue! Just a Statue?
The guy behind me said he'd be taking care of the check.
We're about to meet our grizzly end
Damn that GPS!
Don't give me that look, I'm wild caught
I'd think twice if I were you. We've just come Flint Michigan
Your cousin was really kicking Leo's butt.
We're more afraid of global warming than we are of you.
No offense meant, but I traveled five hundred miles upstream for THIS? My match.com profile specifically mentioned 'vegan only'.
As if swimming against the current wasn't hard enough.
It's ok, the younger one's are vegan!
I think it's fair to warn you that we are high mercury content and my pose unacceptable heath risks.
Talk about your Murphy's Law!
It's moments like this that I wish I was farm=raised.
Don't eat me, I'm not vegan!
You look different from your match dot com profile picture.
I can't bear to watch
I'm retracing my roots... are you my mother?
This may get grizzly.
I am not the droid you are looking for.
I hear once you go bear, you never go back
Okay, we should have taken that turn at Seattle.
You don't want us. We're farm raised.
Years of fish school, down the drain!
I TOLD you your idea to come to Alaska was half-baked.
Come to think of it, I think 'out of order' is just as applicable.
Think twice. My friend over there is NON-GMO.
Already see heaven
You don't need to see our identification. We aren't the salmon you're looking for.
Joke's on you—I'm basically 10% mercury.
I sure hope this county practices a catch and release policy
Please tell us you are on a diet like everyone else.
So this is how it ends.
Sometimes I feel like I'm just swimming upstream.
When the Fish meets the Bear
Well that's a mood-breaker.
Now a talking bear would be weird.
Have you heard the one about the fisherman's wife?
Good chance I am riddled with GMOs, heavy metals and definitely not vegan... Worked with the fisherman outside of Seattle.
Just remember, it's as afraid of us as we are of it.
Well, Charlie, sometimes you get the bull and sometimes you get the horns.
Hey, big fella, you're going the wrong way.
Your toes are all clean; see you next year.
Swordfish
Keep right. You must be American. Keep right
You're in luck. I'm pregnant.
I thought that new travel app noted hazards along the route.
Just letting you know.... We are not GMO free.
I'm sorry, I ordered the trout.
don't worry guys! I'm on a juice fasting 'till next week!
God, I'm such a cliche.
We are farmed, you want wild.
You don't want me -- I was farm-raised.
Sock him in the eye.
Whoa big guy. You can double your take if you catch us on the way back.
Are you sure this is the way home?
Excuse me, but I believe we have the right of way.
Are you to just stand there, or are you going to help me?
They sent the black bear to parley. Typical.
My little sister, here on my right, is free of harmful contaminates. Eat her.
Sure go ahead but the Mercury levels in this stream are through the roof
We're swimming too close to Wall Street!
I thought you told me upstream was nicer than downstream! Look, there are bears here too!
The neighborhood's not like I remembered it.
Uh, maybe we should start swimming upstream?
According to my calculations this next waterfall should be a real....
I'll make you famous!
Our fate appears grizzly...
I told you we should have taken the tunnel... I told you we should have taken the tunnel...
Looks like you brought a knifefish to a gunner fight.
Can we talk about this first?
We should've used Waze.
I just had a brilliant thought...next year, let's take another route.
Do you ever get the feeling that what you're hardwired to do is at odds with what you know?
Nooooo, I was only going 20 in a 15!
Oh, no! It's the grizzly reaper!
GRAVITY HELP! GRAVITY PLEASE HELP ME!
Try it, pal. They don't call me wild for nothing.
Louie Miller disappeared. Macky's back in town. Sell it on Broadway.
You salmon, with your suicidal tendencies disgust me.
I hope the ranger told you that this is a 'catch-and-release' stream.
We were told to tell you that your order will be up in a minute.
It looks like we're heading into a bear market.
Don't worry, I'll handle this.
May I recommend the Leonardo?
This is no time for a bear market.
Why am I never the bear in this dream!?
Man, as if swimming up stream isn't hard enough...
But you can't even get a good bagel in Alaska.
Aieee! It's Mother Russia!
I'm sorry, sir, there's no reservation under the name 'Red Herring.'
Ok I finally get the in the moment thing
Don't look him in the eyes!
Let's adopt.
Excuse me, are you GMO?
Now I know why Sally said, 'Go ahead; I'll be right behind you.'
We'll be traveling downstream this season due to the attractive El Nino mating packages.
Don't bring up Omega 3 and we just might make it by.
Just around the river bend...
Relax. He probably just wants to watch us spawn.
Don't worry. I just started weight watchers.
Hey Winnie, ever hear of mercury poisoning?
I never thought I'd say this, but staying in the Flint River would have probably been safer.
Not take out again.
We swam upstream for this?
You go down faster than I go up.
Is this the floor for ladies shoes?
My horoscope said something big is headed my way.
Come on pal, give us a break. This is our last date.
Mom didn't mention this.
We're from Flint.
This wouldn't be nearly as insulting if I didn't smell the blueberries on your breath.
I thought this was a one-way street.
I bring fair warning that you are way outnumbered.
not to worry..they stay away from the GMOs....
Nah-nah-nah-nah-nah...
...there's safety in numbers...safety in numbers...safety in numbers...
He didn't get my dad, he won't get me!
It's always darkest before the spawn.
Here's my plan ...
I told you we should've slept in.
And did I mention my friend is gluten free?
It's too late to turn back now, I believe, I believe I believe, I'm fallin' in love . . .
You're going to need a bigger photo.
So you're the one mama warned me about.
You can eat me, but it won't bring your father back.
Damn my instincts!
I think we can take swimming upstream out of the playbook.
You look a lot different in your Tinder profile
Just so you know, I'm not gluten free.
You're fishing down the wrong upstream pal.
Right now, you can experience the joy of practicing the 6th commandment.
I know, I know, Betty. But this is still better for the kids than spawning in the Flint River.
'Just think, when you guys evolve further you'll be able to use your legs to get up here'.
Don't blame me, blame the GPS.
$#1+.
We are just teasing you.
There's bigger and juicier ones than me just downstream.
You're not making this any easier.
Dave, are you sure you want to go upstream?
'Are you Alaskan or Atlantic,I want to be politically correct'?
Careful, Smokey Bear is at the sushi bar!
Will you be dining in, or is this for takeout?
'Let's swim upstream to the spawning grounds,' she said. 'It'll be romantic,' she said.
Shoulda just gone with the flow, baby.
Watch it Charlie, it's homeland security!
Are these really the FINished blueprints? They look like a child's JAWing!
I don't mind the trip, it's the going through security.
Sure, you’re fine now, but let’s see how you smell after three days!
There's 500 miles behind me that prove otherwise.
I told you its 'merrily DOWN the stream.'
Paradigm shift mean anything to you big guy??
OK, Sammy, your turn to take the lead for awhile.
That awkward moment when you are looking and me and I am looking at you
I'll distract him and you make a run for it!
Uh honey, I think we got the wrong waterfall.
My mercury levels will ruin your fur, I kid you not!
Inconceivable!!
Where am I going? I have a hot date. You?
The moment Sam forgot all about spawning.
I think it's time to break with tradition.
Is that an appetizer for the main course?
The gluten free salmon are right behind us.
I'm getting sick of fish and honey.... I'm seriously considering man eating
Feel the bairn.
I'm red herring; you're looking for salmon.
You guys wild or farm fed?' 'Farm fed!
This stream's one way?!
Oh Oh. Coitus interruptus.
Did you know that Omega-3 fatty acids are actually terrible for you?
Can't a salmon go upstream to die in peace?
I knew I should have asked for directions.
I thought you said we were just coming up for AIR!
Should we play dead or start roaring at it?
Are you my Uber?
Ok. We could taste your urine 3 miles downstream this time. Good news, bad news. You're still over the alcohol limit, but the heroin is wearing off.
The Civil Rights Argument heats up: - I’ll have you know as an AMERICAN Salmon I have the right to Life, Liberty & the Pursuit of Happiness! - Which is why my choice to freely eat you to preserve my own life should make YOU happy, too.
Not in the mood for a salad I see.
I'm with the band.
Hey! Fleshy! Get off our spawn!
I think you'll find farming salmon much more profitable.
Better to fight and fall as tuna, than to run and live as chicken of the sea.
'Bear left' means go right!
I think I just made the endangered species list.
'Look into my eyes. Your getting sleepy'.
And to think we'd just figured out the cure for cancer...
Not now. Catch us on the way back.
Pray he's vegan!
We're not afraid of you or the Cubs.
High mercury content, so think about that.
Looks like we're in lox of trouble.
Pescatarian diets are just so passé.
Really?' 'What's next, a toll booth?
Fish are friends not food. Ah, forget it.
Sometimes you've just got to look 'em in the eyes.
Now I see what you meant by 'Bear left.'
Leo was a consummate professional. He told me not to be afraid to fully commit to the scene.
Now will you admit the bear from my dreams is not my father?
Has Charlie Tuna passed here yet?
I'm having lunch reservations.
What the...Is this what you meant when you said 'spawning is to die for'?
But Mercury's in retrograde!
I could go for a bite, sure.
You were great in 'The Revenant!'
Fish; why dont u come say hello to all my Lil friends down here
I'm not as fresh as I look.
Your place or mine?
Orange lives matter!
No, no, we've got what those California crabs got. Trust me, you don't want us.
Dude, come on. I'm trying to get laid here.
Did you forget that salmon is loaded with mercury?
I told you this last one is a bear!
Am I up S**t Creek or what?
Looks like a bear market.
Dammit. I forgot my fishing rod!
DiCaprio stands no chance against us.
General Ursa
We have done everything you asked., troubled waters, big pond, small pond and kettle. Now we are 'out of water' will you please finally answer the question? Do you? In the woods?
Funny running into you here
Your almost here ! Don't give up - Your my Favorite !
Now I see why they warned us about upside risk.
What are the odds it's vegetarian?
This is unbearable.
Oh no, I'm still a virgin...
I spawn on where I die, fat boy!
I'm not just a famous picture you know.
I told you, we should have just gone with the flow.
They're much lazier down at the bottom.
Please don't! I've got a husband and 2500 little ones.
Have you ever considered that if you wait until we swim downriver, there'll be more of us next year?
Fish: I guess this is why you shouldn't go back.
Why did I think you were an anti-abortionist?
I did, hon, I said 'Two for The Revenant in 2D', but I think we're in the wrong screen.
Read the latest on mercury?
At least it's not a bagel with cream cheese.
Think long-term. We're trying to multiply.
Oh great, it's a bear.
Next year, let's just go with the flow.
Pardon me, sir, but could you please point us to the spawning grounds?
Am I kosher? You're thinking of carp.
Watch out, it's a bearracuda!
We're coming to spawn. Are you the midwife?
NaNa NaNa Na Nah!
Uh, listen, I hope I wasn't out of line with that crack about you being a porker.
Light bulb moment, Charlie:- what goes up must come down!
I think it is about time to reverse our take on this Marty!!
Shaq, see I got air!
It's a little late for ' Boop,Boop, Ditem, Datem,' Norman.
All this for external fertilization?!?
Sushi I see . . . with free delivery.
I just haaad to marry a sturgeon, didn't I?
Never ate him before.
Hold on. Let me take a selfie.
Tell my wife and smolt I love them.
OMG! Just when we thought it was safe to come out of the water....!
Don't worry. The last time the Bears won was in '86.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe
Can we reschedule for next tuesday?
Really! You want to deprive a guy of one last spawn?
This license plate you coughed up is evidence you were at the scene!
Of course you stole that scene with DiCaprio.
What's your Instagram?
Look out! There's a hunter behind you!
You can't go home again.
No, I haven't seen your brother.
i knew we should've uber'd
We should have known something wasn't right when the GPS told us to swim upstream.
OK, I'll bite, it's a mortgage... 50% interest... so what?
He looks friendly enough; let's ask him for directions.
I loved your work in The Revenant.
Looking bad for roe vs. wade...
You may want to rethink this. You do know you're standing in the Flint River?
We just HAD to go out on Valentine's Day, didn't we Gail?
You know there's a metaphor somewhere here Gene... Something about swimming upstream and pescatarians...
I'm totally giving this spawning site one star on Yelp.
How do you get to Carnegie Hall?
We're full of mercury and viruses, you don't want us
Our curriculum needs to update the section on bearriers.
Are you the ladder attendant?
AAAAAHHHH! I don't want to be bear scat.
I told you going upstream was going to be a bear.
Go ahead and make my day!
There's our upstream bandwidth interruption.
You can teach a bear to fish and he will still get it wrong.
We've been looking for over an hour and we still can't find your keys!
Come to papa.
Let’s go home to spawn, you said. Swim upstream, you said. . .Why do I listen to you!
I knew I should have got out of the left lane .
Let me introduce you to my little friend!
Like I told you before, free range is much better.
Out of the way, I'm doubling down on this jump.
The Down Stream Battle.
You should talk to your doctor about mercury.
Stop right there! Come any closer and it will be your down fall!
You're right. We should have spawned during the bull market.
I'll race you back home!
Nani Nani Boo Boo!
I have a hot date. Can we deal with this on my way back?
Would it make a difference if I told you I was genetically modified?
Cut!! Come on, man! Didn't you read the script? You're not even in this scene.
Chuckling, 'Darwin strikes again; swimming upstream!'
A 1000 mile journey and I had to be 2 damn feet to the right.
I suggest some mouthwash.
'Just when you think it can't get any worse'.
To hell with instinct! I'm turning around!
Trying to beat the establishment
Sam, back away slowly. Have you seen what this guy did to DiCaprio?
Fish: 'You must feel like a fish out of water!'
We have got to quit using Apple Maps.
Why couldn't I have been born a flying fish?
I blame the media! Now everyone knows we swim upstream.
I thought it was 'from the mouths of babes', not 'into the mouths of bears'.
I told you we were up the wrong creek.
Have you thought about going vegetarian?
I have no Omega 3's left. Try the next guy
Didn't you see the 'One Way Stream' sign?
My broker says sell.
I ordered the Maki roll not sashimi!
I told you. I'm vegan, can't you tell?
Did you two request an Ubear upstream?
Are you swiping left or swiping right?
No, I don't think this bear grills is us first.
You should know that I haven't been sashimi grade for at least a hundred miles.
Oh no! Not you again.
Hit him with the paddle! You do have a paddle don't you?
I've got herpes.
Nobody move a muscle.
Have you heard of mercury?
Let's do lunch.
Nobody warned us the dating scene would be so difficult.
And that's why I said we should leave early in the morning, but no!
We had a deal!
You know, they're saying fish oil is bad for you now.
That dolphin was right. When I got this weird impulse to swim up this river he said I should try therapy.
...But the travel guide said the all bears along this stream were herbivores.
This is harder than it looks!
I thought you were supposed to be off in the woods doing something else.
Never mind, my bad.
Did you bring the ladder?
This is why I said I'd rather be a sheep.
Maybe we should go with the flow.
Why now?
Got it #bearcotttheoscars.
Come on upstream, you said. It'll be fun, you said, we'll have a few laughs.
Hey, I caught you in the Revenant- method actor, right?
I just realized why the chicken crossed the road.
Uh-oh. Looks like we're coming into a bear market.
Wild? Um, er, no! GMO. Very GMO.
Hello, Newman.
You, and your dumb shortcuts!
We are just small investors and that's no Bull
No, we've never been polled before, and we're on our way to vote for Bernie.
To the right Harry..to the right
My bad. I should not taken directions from that salmon from the other side of the stream.
Could you at least pee somewhere else?
You distract her. I'll head upstream.
Oh shit!
Welcome to the party pal.
Barney, is today Friday?
Little to the left... Oh wait, sorry. MY left.
Play dead, it worked for DiCaprio.
A vegan diet is much, much healthier.
It's Lent! It's Friday! We're both Pisces! Shalom!
Don't mind us; we're just passing through.
You idiot! I told you Robert Frost wasn't talking about fish!
My mom's DNA warned me about you.
I'm not sure that catfish gave us the right directions.
...as I was saying, quite the weather we've been having...
That's it, you betcha
Don't have to out swing the bear Sammy....just you!
C'mon at least try to look hungry. That guy on the bank over there is from the New Yorker.
How like a winter hath thy absence been from me...
Maybe he won't go for us if we tell him we're non organic farm raised.
I'll fill ya full of lead!
Ah, the bipolar nature of life.
Obviously, swimming upstream was not in MY best interest.
When I sang 'take me to the river' I didn't think they'd interpret me literally...
Is there a rest stop ahead?
These aren't the fish you're looking for.
Were not the salmon your looking for.
There you are! Putin's waiting downstream to wrestle you barechested.
He can't see us if we don't move
It's no use. I'm Catch-22.
Goldilocks hates fishy breath.
He's tastier!
Oh, come on. Your dad ate my mom!
... and then he tells her that he needs his space, can you belie ... Ahhh Crap!
Uhhhhh, no, I haven't heard anything about how a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids is good for your heart. Have you, Stan?
Darn it Jim, why couldn't you just stop and ask for directions?
Could you give us directions to the fish hatchery.
Would you believe we're farmed and dangerous?
Pan-fried is tastier.
You know, not everyone has kids these days.
Don't you ever dine in?
Wait! Has the FDA approved us for bear consumption?
Would you like a side of PCBs with your mercury?
Could you give us a hand?
I'm not as tasty as I look.
I have him locked into my cold, soon-to-be lifeless stare, move man, goddamn it, MOVE!!
Honey, you wanted the exciting, romantic get-away.
Bark, berries and bushes are better for you, bear lips.
I'd feel safer if he were a bull.
Wow...Things we do for love.
I think it is only fair to tell you that eating salmon can give you salmonella
Yo bro– fall back. Stop spawn-blocking. She wit me now.
'Eat me!' No Eat me, he just taste like fish!
The bigger ones are right behind me!
You cannot get us, tra-la-la-la!
Still better than the barrel.
Total cockblock.
We really ought to switch the name to 'Run, Salmon!'
So what WAS it like working with Leo DiCaprio?
Call me a sockeyed pessimist.
Hey, we're not supposed to make this easy.
Let me help you over the dam
Slim pickings. All these hipsters are emptying my main stream.
Are you the asshole who drew this cartoon?
We're not trying to migrate. She's here on a fiancee visa.
Just to warn you, I'm high in mercury.
I told you we should have gone the other way.
EPA! EPA!
Like fish in a barrel!
What do we have to do to get uninterrupted streaming?
Fake left, On THREE.
Sushi or Sashimi?
My Mother said there would be days like this...
Hey, we're just visiting from the Flint river.
Oh, wow, a home coming welcome.
Why fill up now?,...,DiCaprio is just 50 yards downstream.
If they do that in the woods, what do they do in the water?
Are you familiar with the mercury issue regarding fish consumption?
Don't worry Nemo--I think I can take him.
Delivery is so conveniant.
Don't you read mercury warnings?
Have you seen the latest on Mercury levels in fish?
l assume you're aware of the negligible benefits of fish oil.
I haven't seen her for days. She left and took the kids with her.
It's the trip of a lifetime, Helen. Let's meet the locals.
I can ride a horse better than he can. That looked so fake but the bear attack looked real.
When will they ever learn!
I contain high levels of mercury and lead.
What are you doing here? The S and P is below 500!
I told you we should have used Waze.
Frank... Long time no see.
Step aside please.
Well this was a waste.
If you're that keen to make the cover of National Geographic, jump into your own mouth.
The way ahead is temporarily blocked after the 2nd intersection
What do you mean YOU'RE an endangered species!
Hibernation can do that you know , we only look like salmon !
No, we're not salmon, we're samon.
Catch me on the way back. I won't care.
Tough luck Charley, remember I only have to out-jump you!
When you said it was mating season and we were going out to a gay bar to meet some bears, this is not what I had in mind!
You don't want me; I've got more mercury than Bohemian Rhapsody.
Nope! He's still there. Nope! He's still there. Nope! he's still there.
You should see all the beehives downstream.
Hmmm...sushi?
I was wondering why that camera crew was filming us.
Lent doesn't start until next week!
Hold your paws pal. The big fish are right behind us.
So much for Google maps.
The GPS did say bear left at the falls
It’s ok. I think my hypnotism course has worked,... and any moment now, he’ll do pirouettes thinking he’s a ballet dancer.
Trust me, the Paleo diet is a fad.
Congratulations, you've been naturally selected.
Hate to spoil your appetite but I from Flint.
We should've sprung for an E-ZPass.
We're your support group.
Please be advised the water downstream has been approved as safe by the Governor.
My friend comes with a free side seaweed salad.
Wait! My brother is coming right behind me. He's much bigger and fatter than I am!
DiCaprio is LA receiving some award so this could be the end of the road
Look's like we're heading towards a bear market.
It's hard to get ahead in a bear market
If I get past this guy, I'm pulling a Cam Newton. Then I'll spawn.
Well, it was a good run.
In my next life, I'm gonna be a tuna.
See, Larry. I told you we shouldn't pledge a fraternity.
I'm in love with you, not him, but you know how my family is.
Bear in mind, it's always an uphill battle.
Have you ever considered the benefits of going vegan?
Goodbye brother Sal and remember in heaven there is no bear.
This is what happened to Crimea.
Don't you feel this place has become too mainstream?
Behind you! Is that a hunter I see?
Well... eat me if you must, but may I offer that sashimi before lunchtime is a little passe...
Oh well, it was all upstream from here anyway.
You big jerk! If you eat us for dinner now, you can't have eggs for breakfast!
I'm calm and Canadian; he's the wild Alaskan.
I really wouldn't - we're from Flint.
Hey, wait just a minute. Hunting season ended last week!
Log ride it is.
European or African swallow?
'Would you prefer to be consumed in a booth or at a table?
Best. Birth control. Ever.
As if spawning wasn't hard enough...
You know, on second thought, downstream looked like a great place to spawn.
You don't wanna eat me. I just ate some bad fish.
Could you move aside, please? I’ve got a date tonight.
I knew there was a catch.
Don't worry. They say the Mama Grizzly can't see very well.
The Academy nominated Leo? You were robbed.
You bear down. We swim upstream. Get over it!
Step aside. The photographers have gone.
He's not as dumb as he looks.
You look nothing like your Tinder picture.
I guess this isn't the EZ Pass lane after all!
Hmmmm, my GPS said this was supposed to be Bare Creek.
Back off, I've seen The Revenant!
Biological clock be damned, I'm outta here!
OMG. Is it Putin, or only a bad dream.
I thought this school was supposed to be a safe space.
Eat Mo' Chick'n?
I know the narrative says we triumph over all odds, but I think he may go off script
Sorry dear boy. We are genetically modified, we have gluten.
Next time, go with the flow.
I think our trip is going to be cut short.
I just have to outswim YOU.
I'm a hard roe to chew
I am prettier than you.
Hey Herman, look... It's the bear from that picture...
Next life I’m going farm-raised.
Listen, we don't have any toilet paper. And you were supposed to go in the woods!
Watch out Larry! I went to college with this bear, he's a real jerk.
We are bad cholesterol
You're not going to eat a talking fish are you?
Nice spot, Professor. Now, just remember to keep that muzzle shut.
Survival of the fittest was decided by a coin toss.
I'm sure you don't want to do anything you'll regret later?
Caucusing for Trump or Cruz?
I'll have my salmon rare, please.
fuck out the way dog finna spawn here dog
Gladys, I TOLD you we were going the wrong way!
Sisyphus Salmon
What's the deal, man? You said we were Farm Raised.
There is but one life to live, and you sir, are one cliche away from forever fulfilling this cliche's eternal gratitude.
See Honey , told you to ask for directions!
But, the password is always swordfish.
moma told me there are many fish in the ocean
C'mon bro, I'm a bear-acuda.
Give it up, pal. You're outnumbered.
No, I do not have a few minutes to talk about preventing forest fires.
Is this really where you want to raise the kids?
What we have here is a failure to communicate.
This stupid bear doesn't realize it, but I'm channeling my inner Sharknado.
Exciting !
I'd like to join your LinkedIn network.
Honey, I don't really want children.
Come with me and I will make you a fisher of men.
Enough with that benign smile.
Salmon ? measly minos I see, where are the GMO's?
I told you before: it's over!
Thank god , a rest stop!
Thank God, the stupid one. When he slips just jump around him.
They told us lots of you were vegan now.
I think we can fight him, he's on our turf now...
Impressed with his recent wall street success, Mr. and Mrs. Salmon of Columbia River, Washington shortsightedly sought out his financial advice.
Just so you know, we're both full of mercury.
I'm not really liking this farm-to-table trend.
This hardly feels sporting.
Still waiting on the results from Iowa.
Is this what dinner and a date means?
I'm serious. We're totally genetically modified and chock full of antibiotics.
Deja vu?
Get the FUCK out of my way.
This stream hosts tons of sexual acts, but fishing rampant.
Coming up behind us is the fish special. It comes with appetizer and dessert.
Pick him. He has more omega-3s.
Gerald, what was that you were saying about nasty, brutish and short?
This is the last time I trust my instincts.
I'd rather swim. These are NOT the friendly skies we see on T.V.!
Excuse me , but could you kindly move over a little and respect my personal space.
Hibernation, my ass!
I think it's time we looked into a better streaming service.
Man, I hate these Kodiak moments...
You're not helping.
There is a river called the river of no return, Sometimes it's peaceful and sometimes wild and free!...Tommy, will you stop singing that damn song!...
You were right. We should've gone back to your place.
'Trust your instinct,' you said.
Just passing through, thank you.
But we're the last 2 salmon on earth!
I hope you haven't been waiting long, Uncle Bob.
If I didn't know better, I'd say that we're headed in the wrong direction.
'sorry' pal we won this race. good bye
What do you mean,'Get out of the way'.
I warned you what can happen in a bear market.
I see my whole life flashing before my eyes!
I'd like to negotiate the outcome here!
Really! I thought bears hated water.
The fry always think I exaggerate this part.
I'd like to know more about your spawning deal.
Did you happen to see a sweet young thing swim through here?
Can you point us to Capistrano?
Come on bro, others REALLY need my omega-3 fatty acids.
Ok, I just realized why it felt like you were letting me win the race.
My buddy over there is made of honey.
You want wasabi with that?
If you're that bear from Revenant, I'm outta here.
Time to swim downstream!
Regular or extra crunchy?
Don't bother with me, Leonardo DiCaprio is just around the bend
Mammals are so gullible!
Quick, bear left!
Did anyone ever tell you you look like a young Paul Newman?
Michelle, did this bear just mutter hors d'oeuvre?
I'm not Wanda, she's Wanda.
Hi, I'd like to add you to my professional network on LinkedIn.
Me jumping into your mouth? That is so last century.
I wish my eyes faced forward.
Did anyone ever tell you, you look just like the bear in 'The Revenant?'
Spawning trumps hibernation! Low energy!
Do you like salmonella?
The name's Freddy, Freddy Mercury!' 'No? Okay, Bond, James Bond.
Don't even think about it, buddy. This isn't The Revenant.
I told you to book an early flight for us, but NOO, you've got to wait for a better rate....
Sex isn't worth this!
Shouldn't you be off filming the Revenant sequel?
Hey, I'm spawnin here!!!
Whoa! A Bear! Don't make any loud noises and back away slowly.
Why don't you just eat me after I've reproduced?
And it was at that moment that Fred realized he had perhaps missed the greater meaning of his mother's advice to swim against the stream.
We run a bull market.
Tarter sauce?
I hate tollbooths!
We meet again, Gary.
I'm telling you, Jerry, the future's bright.
Welcome to Bears, Inc., where we value our customers and are very happy to see you.
We trust you have a permit for this?
Back off, bozo. This stream is taken.
Holy sh*t...I told you GPS doesn't always have the latest traffic information.
Wait! We weren't sustainably farmed!
Right! Two bear arms!
Not to worry Skip...the Bears haven't had a good season in over a decade.
What took you so long
'Ha! I can jump higher than you can!
These romantic getaways are harder every year.
You have got to be spawning kidding me.
Do I look like sushi to you?
Spawn my ass, I'm going downstream!
I promise, i am just trying to give you a boost over the falls
The guy behind me is infused with a honey-ginger marinade
On second thought, spawning's overrated.
The Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America estimates that the majority of food allergy patients have a seafood allergy. It occurs mainly in bears.
Hey Clifford, check this out! He goes downstream to spawn!
We're the clear front-runners, you want the ones with more substance near the back.
These National Geographic shoots are the pits!
Now I know how Bashar al-Assad must feel.
Oh shit, another bear market.
I think that I left something downstream.
Tweet tweet.
We're going to tear you stomach open and sleep inside of you.
We are running for the preservation of Alaskan bears. Do you want to donate?
I only thought you did that in the woods.
Gil said swimming upstream is a real bear. I should've listened.
Let's talk this out.
It's our first date. I think she's testing me.
UP THE RIVER..THROUGH THE RAPIDS...AND NOW THIS...ALL FOR A GOOD SPAWN?
I told you this was a bad career move.
My parents say to give you their regards.
No, not now! The music hasn't started yet......
I remember you from the old neighborhood.
I'm that wild-caught salmon we both will die for.
Where's your mama?
GMO! Coming through! GMO!
Look out Harvey.... There's a bear trap ahead!
Maybe this one's a vegetarian.
He's not moving. I think it's a decoy.
I'm positive you said upstream.
OK, this is it. Remember your moves!
I guess it's true what they say - you can never go home again
We should really think about changing it up a little.
You gonna help, or just stand there and watch?
'You looked different on your Tinder profile'.
It's okay, we do it in the water too.
Damn it, Harry! There was nothing about a bear in the guidebook.
don't just stand there. Do something. Salmon Macarena ?
School's out.
Sure...it's one small step for you.
So that's what Sebastian meant by UNDER the sea.
Isn't the sushi thing played by now?
Should never have checked 'Willing to Relocate' on my PlentyOfSalmon profile.
Let me pass. I paid the fee to be in the express lane.
Uh, the guy on my right comes with miso soup and salad.
Try to look bigger than you really are.
This is what happens when we follow the GPS.
I'm just fishing for compliments here.
Maybe we should start swimming DOWNstream
First: I have to know where you've been eating.
It doesn't have to end like this, Hal.
Have you seen any trouble upstream?
I warned you about going against the current, but you wouldn't listen and had to be different.
Pretend you're already dead!
Another fine mess you've gotten us into.
I don't suppose you'd like to come back in, say, an hour?
Get ready to bear down Frank. We got company.
I'm suddenly not in the mood anymore.
We only have time for the bare necessities.
I'd stick around, but the sign says we're not supposed to feed them.
We're on the way to finding love, so don't be a spoilsport.
Forget spawning let's go back downstream
You know who could get us out of this? Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Let me pass and in four years, you'll have thousands of my children to feast on.
You don't seem like the supplement type
Whoa, good thing white fish can't jump.
Aren't you tired of salmon by now?
Da Da Da Da...Yes. I admit it. That's my signature theme.
It's weird how things look different going in the other direction.
Your Mom said no supper tonight.
The Alaskan Migrants Crisis
I realize you do that in the woods but I was looking for more of a yes or no answer as to whether you intend to eat us.
Ah, come on! It's every year with this guy.
I told you to check the current traffic advisory!
Looks like we've come to a dead end.
They're asking for it.
I got this one.
Should have used a dating service instead.
Just so you know - we're live streaming this.
My friends and I have voted you off the stream.
The fishing is much better down stream.
A little privacy? We're spawning.
Ursa Major or Ursa Minor?
Excuse me!….Fish with mercury passing by.
They said to expect a bear market this year.
Umm, so I'm guessing the Jedi mind trick won't work on you huh?
We're here to coach you for the final stage of the bearathlon: the upstream swim!
Do you...[glug]...know...anyone...[glug]...on the admissions committee...[glug]...at Hotchkiss?
Marge, that reminds me that your mother called.
I'm loaded with Mercury, buddy!
Boy was I mistaken; I thought the bearish forecast related to the market.
Just so you know, I'm genetically modified.
Dinner at my place?
How badly do you want children?
You know you shouldn't overeat just before hibernating.
I believe we're up the creek without a paddle!
You see ! Now we're lost! Would it have killed you to ask for directions.
I think we took the wrong exit!
I believe he's neither fish nor fowl.
C'mon…all we want to do is spawn in one piece.
step on it
Not so fast, mister. There's a chinook right behind us who's in a very bad mood.
I warned you, going against the current would be dangerous.
You distract him!
Wrong way pal.
I'm loaded with mercury.
I guess Thomas Wolfe was right about that whole going home thing.
Can I see your fishing permit?
Honey, I knew we should have pulled over for directions!
I'm not the salmon you're looking for.
I told you we should have followed the pike.
The bear will not be able to bear the taste of the fish.
oh fuck
Let's hope bear hugs are a real thing
It just wears you out, swimming upstream in a bear market.
We really leaped in it.
Waze never mentioned a bear!
Whose idea was it to swim upstream?
You know the health claims of eating me are just fish tales.
'Detour ahead' Annette Frey, Empire, MI
This will only take a minute. If the Primary were held today, would you say you're supporting Clinton, Sanders, or undecided?
That's awe in his eyes, right?
I thought if I voted republican, global warming or the NRA would have fixed this by now.
and I took the stream less traveled by and that has made all the difference .
Just as well, I suppose. We went all in on crude oil stocks.
Is that? Nay, it couldn't be......... he's in Davos
We have a death wish.
Cogito ergo salmon.
My horoscope predicted a chance encounter with a tall, dark and furry stranger this week.
'Not how I thought this day would end'.
Who you calling a coho?
'Please tell me you only shit in the woods'.
Hey buddy is this the right way to the spawning ground?
Know what? We're all screwed.
I don't remember this thing on the map to the spawning grounds
'Let's hope that he's a vegan'.
When you think about it, it beats being Sisyphus.
Can't you see we are struggling here? Give me your paw.
Catch me if you can.
You wouldn't eat salmon without soy sauce now would you?
Aha, so you don't ....
No turning back
Now I know why this mornings coffee tasted so bad
Your next meal could be Crappie
You can go home again, but only if you can bear it.
I knew we were going the wrong way.
- Where are you going, you can't out run a bear. - I don't have to out run the bear......
Well, uh, where do you think salmonella comes from?
Take my wife, please!
My friend here is rich in natural anti-depressants.
Upstream is so over-rated.
Have you checked your Seafood Watch list this year?
Sorry, we're not in season.
I am dying to meet you.
Everybody's streaming these days.
He's giving me that salmon-eating grin.
Hey pal, its a already new year and sushi is so over, so 2015. What gives, were you sleeping or something?
Dude, this bear thing really sucks!
I told you that we should have spawned downstream .
My doctor says my mercury levels are through the roof.
Happy to see me early out of bed,salmon?
The Revenant (alternate ending)
Have you seen my wife?
Get liquid Hobbes ! The bear market is upon us!
I'm catching one for Obama!
When you said 'bear left', I thought you meant turn ...
You ever think it might be safer and easier to swim with the stream?
We thought you were WAY better than Leo.
Seriously, I'm loaded with PCBs and dioxins.
Have you considered the benefits of a vegan diet?
Can I see your fishing license?
Does the expression 'up a creek without a paddle' mean anything to you ?
What makes you think you've got a chance in this new economy?
He wants to caucus.
Enough with you being so lost, Henry. I'm asking that bear for upstream directions.
A Vegan diet will not only improve your heath but do wonders for your public opinion.
Tell me again why we oppose dams?
Watch me! I'm going to do a spectacular backflip.
And I thought the guys in the barrel had it bad.
My friend on Fishfacebook posted an article about a guy who survived a bear attack by triggering the bear's super sensitive gag reflex with his arm. If that lightweight comes at us I'm going straight for his uvula!
Relax! I read somewhere they mostly eat porridge.
Watch it, but! Monsanto's got my back!
There goes the neighborhood.
You're better than this. There's still time to break free of the food chain.
But Grandmother! What big teeth you have.
I told you we should have taken the Tunnel, but you just HAD to go upstream.....
Sorry, Zabar's got dibs on me.
Is it Lent already?
Sweet! Another white seal eater. Love this crazy weather! If the bears keep eating the seals instead of both eating us, we've got it made.
How do I unfriend this page because everything that gets posted on here is fuckin dumb
Don't worry guys, I'm on a juice cleanse this week.
You look like you need more berries in your diet.
Hey, any good sushi bars around here?
Stop being a spawn blocker, man!
Vegan?
You had to swim against the current, didn't you.
Can I interest you in some fresh caviar?
Sam, we're going downstream this year.
Trust me, he's a vegetarian.
I took DiCaprio, and I can take you.
Could you move? It's tough enough swimming upstream.
Yo, buddy ! Is this the way to Broadway ?
UT OH , I think we are getting ready to get battered.
Personally, I happen to be very low in omega-3 fatty acids
Thanks for taking my pitch. It's a romance between a coho and a sockeye.
I dare you to try and catch us this time...
Maybe we are from Flint, Mi....maybe not. Ask yourself one question...Do you feel lucky punk?
Which way to Boston?
Hypnosis lessons, don't fail me now!
Howard, I don't know why you won't ask for directions.
I told you we needed to turn on the second left, not the third!
I don't have to out-swim the bear, Jerry... I only have to out-swim you.
That's what I get for swimming with the tide.
I leaving you everything, I have. You don't have anything, I've been swimming with you since you were a minnow.
Watch it big guy, they don't call me sockeye for nothing.
Hi! I've been waiting for you.
Trust us! There's no such thing of free level of mercury.
So this is the downside to swimming upstream.
Twelve Oscar nominations, and I still gotta freeze my ass off for decent meal.
Keep to the right -- his name is Jonah and his sense of humor is decidedly perverse.
Bear: oh look a fish Fish: Oh NO a Bear
NOW you tell me you wanted to go upstream in order to span??
I only have to swim faster than you
Step aside! There are two of us and only one of you
I have no idea! But after 3 years at sea, she looks pretty good to me.
Hey Frank, I’ve decided I’m ‘pro’ on the salmon-farming debate.
C'mon buddy, I spawned all the way from Denver
I told you we should have called an Uber.
Fish oil is just a fad, what you really need is Vitamin D.
Are you organic?
No worries, guys. I'm allergic to fish.
Why, hello there.
The fat ones are behind us.
Could we touch base on the way back?
Maybe we should adopt.
Look over there! A beehive!
You look a wee bit different on your dating profile.
No, I haven't seen 'The Revenant'. Why do you ask?
I'm just sayin', 'Farmed Salmon'!
Do you really want to hurt me?
Hi there. You look hungry. I have koi herpes.
So do you still think the journey is more important than the destination?
Your mother said to wash behind your ears.
I've come too far to be your daily source of omega-3
We're Atlantic salmon. The Pacific are right behind us.
We aren't the fish you are looking for.
We're merely figments of your metaphor vocabulary.
Oh, this guy again. You know...The one that eats with his hands! What an animal.
We heard the Academy snubbed you.
Don't even think about it; we both have Salmonella.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel.
I'm juking as much as I can; this bear is not fazed!
GrubHub said you would be here over an hour ago.
How bout you two allow me the privilege of being the wind beneath your wings?
Haven't you heard? Honey is the new fish.
You guys are free range, organic, and gluten free, right?
Well I'll be smoked!
There must be an easier way to propigate
Think about the mercury!
I can't bear this much longer.
He says it's 'Yogi Bear', I say it's 'Yogi THE Bear'.
Ahh...now's probably not the time to ask for directions.
FIRE!
This is the last time I follow my instincts.
On second thought, maybe we should have stayed in school.
Did you know that the health benefits of Omega-3 acids have been grossly inflated?
He wants us to stay for dinner.
Great, as if swimming upstream wasn't hard enough, we got him!
Yo fatso, your standing exactly where I intend to land, capisce?
Call me Sisyphish
Personalised stationary is one of the small but truly necessary luxuries of life
First the Flint River and now this. Maybe this spawning thing isn't all it's cracked up to be.
What do you expect? I'm a shark.
Nothing personal, but my doctor says I need more fish oil.
Your Revenant role was sooo Hollywood.
Go ahead guys -- ever since my bad Superbowl prediction, I've been taking more time with these kinds of decisions.
My GPS should have rerouted me around this road blockage.
Like we said, get lost Yogi!
Holy Bear ! I thought summer was officially over !
Uh Jack, what did you mean when you said bear left?
Did you ever try the tilapia?
The Lost Bear
You need to floss.
Don't look now, but I think Leonardo DiCaprio is behind you.
Need a moment? *fish pause in mid-air to share a Twix bar and reevaluate their migration route* It's too late, you should have shared that Twix with that very hungry bear.
We've definitely made a wrong turn
I'm realizing we were at the end of the pack, not the front.
Should we tell him we are GMOs?
Is it just me, or does the ice seem a little watery today?
Hon, is this something we should be reporting on Waze?
The old neighborhood ain't what it used to be.
Don't you hate it when you're lower in the food chain?
No doubt I'm all for innovation, nonconformity and all that, but, quite honestly, this is not the final reward I had envisioned for going against the flow.
It's only a chocolate brown bear.
She said she wanted to honeymoon in Alaska. I said, 'Whatever you want, honey.' Big mistake.
Quick, act genetically modified!
Don't forget the label!
Welcome to Chez Bruin! Would you like to be . . . er . . . try . . . today's special?
Grandmother, what big teeth you have got.
C'mon Jerry, let's go back. Spawning is overrated.
As if this swimming upstream thing wasn't hard enough.
Blah, blah, whatever. Can't you tell I'm a vegetarian? Ahem.
We'd like to take the 'paw' out of spawn.
You're right. You two are about to be avery endangered species!
Hi. Nice eyes. Loved you in The Revenant ... um, gotta run.
These Flint fish just don't test right.
Just so you know, I'm a GMO.
Don't eat me I have salmonella.
Just when I thought swimming upstream couldn't get any worse.
Some have a cross to bear while others have a bear to cross.
Do you think I'll win an Oscar for this?
No, I don't allow a rodent to dictate my emotions for the next six weeks. The weather does that.
I thought I told you to wait to update your Facebook status until after we spawned!
I trust you've got a permit?
DAFUQ U LOOKIN AT
Please stop referring to me as Mr. Brolin
Retreat!
The worst thing is that she - I'll be right back ...
Let me interest you with something else in season.
You know, I just figured out how going downstream works.
Are you sure there's no room for compromise?
And I thought getting up here was the hard part.
So much for upward mobility.
I'm sure there is a motivational lesson to our situation.
Open Sesame!
Nope, not gluten-free. I am LOADED with gluten.
This is just blatant profiling. I didn't lend anybody any money.
...and Nemo and his father suddenly realized they were fish.
I know it's my first spawn, but she's not what I expected.
Roe, roe, roe your boat.
I think the honeymoon is over dear.
Fishing for compliments?
I kept my word, you let me go last year so this year I brought my kin to meet you.
Just remember: To-die-for reunion spawning andWhy we're called sockeye!
Hey, big guy; evolve! Get a rod and reel.
We're voting for Bush!
Eat him, he's gluten free.
It will be ok, just go with the flow.
If it isn't one thing it's another
I should warn you, my name is Ella...
you think im going to go down this waterfall to eat you?
You were right Jake, you can jump higher. Let's stop now.
Do you know how long I've been swimming upstream?
Ugh. Swimming upriver is such a bear.
Outta my way, asshole!
I keep reading about the coming Bear market.... now I get it.
There's plenty of fresh dead fish up stream you know.
It's a grizzly Nedd, make yourself look big!
I'm not worried. We're fittest, right?
Move! We're coming, and we've got backup!
Talk about being screwed...
Yep...a bus load of tourists...all carrying Happy Meals.
Nah, it's just not worth it, I'm not doing this trip any more.
We're looking for Leo.
And mom said it wouldn't kill me to have kids.
I'm saturated with heavy metals!!
At least we're finally up the creek.
Hi, I am vegan.
We did not come all this way to hear you complain about working with Leonardo DiCaprio.
Watch me nae nae.
You'd think my horoscope would've mentioned this.
Help! The world's biggest fish is chasing me!
Remember how you were complaining about swimming upstream?
Well, Karen, look where your natal honing instincts got us.
Exactly what kind of 'assistance'?
My stock analyst says we're in a bear market!
I think I'm ready for the farmed life.
See, Fred? I told you it wasn't a boulder!
Out of my way, big boy!
Yes, but there are even bigger ones right behind us.
I have to stop going on Tinder while drunk.
Let this be a lesson to always choose words carefully. The dual meanings of bear left caused this unfortunate circumstance. The phrase bear port has no ambiguities. Do you understand?
Looking fate in the eye.
The GPS was correct - bear left.
This is at the end of the rainbow?
You say you're going to build a wall and you want US to pay for it?
I have frozen my eggs, sucker!
Is bear on the '101 Things to See Before You Die' list?
The largest juiciest fish in the world is chasing me !
As a deer cannot survive without its heard, a flower without it's company of bees and a beer without it's fill of fish; We all need someone, whether it is for support, comfort or sustenance. A few are aware that we are bound.
When I get upstream I'll give her my old reliable 'need to spawn otherwise I get blue fins' routine. It's always a wi--
You don't see me. You don't see me.
I should've listened to your parents. What was I thinking - fish farming futures in this bear market.
Save your appetite. Leonardo DiCaprio is right behind.
Wouldn't you rather have wings tonight?
I'm from Flint. Eat at your own risk.
Trust me, you said. It's not a bear market, you said.
I said, bear left!
See, this is exactly why Scott and I decided to use a surrogate!
Did you happen to see Mack or Sammy go by this way?
Uh this guy again? Just don't make eye contact, honey.
Do you think he saw The Revenant?
Something tells me we're not going to be spawning tonight.
Do you realize we are GMO?
eni mini mini mo, catch a fish on the go
Herman, we may be able to swim upstream, but this still doesn't look good!
Don't you just hate homecomings?
We're GMO. The organic fish are just behind us.
Buzz kill.
Over and over and you expect a different result?
Yes, I gave that man a loan. But what you called me is offensive - I'm a predatory lender.
Haven't you heard? We're genetically engineered now.
1. I can't help it, you're delicious 2. This is like shooting fish in a barrel, er sorry 3. We've got to stop meeting like this Bear, 'eat more chicken'
Dude. Wegmans is right up the street.
Streaming will continue after a short message from our sponsors.
Go Pooh Pooh your self
Keep swimming, he's whetting his asceticism
Our wedding planner still sucks.
Its been a really long haul. Now move it!
I knew I should have dialed 1.900.EZ SPAWN.
Is this the way to the promised land?
Quick, act like a piranha.
The Revenant?
Maybe you're right that we can't go home again.
Spawn, spawn, spawn!!! It's all we ever do...
We're the real revenants
Can you reset the WiFi again?
So we just keep jumping in the air...then what? Also, what is that bear doing there?
I was expecting la petite mort.
Why do we have to go up the river to spawn?
If you even touch me I tell everyone what you do in the woods.
Don't even think about it--we know where you hibernate.
'' YEA, YEA , I KNOW, FISH IS GOOD FOR YOU''
'Live a little,' they said. 'Go spawning,' they said.
That's why WE call it catching!
Hope you like mercury!
Oh, so that's what he meant by bear left.
We are not the fish you're looking for.
I know the drill, but you don't have get all Revenant!
Hey remember me, we grew up together in the same wildlife park.
What are the chances he's a vegan?
Nice to meet you. We're the Hendersons from Flint, MI.
Drat! Out of the feedlot and into the fire.
*Spoiler Alert* The fish gets eaten.
Larry, remind me why we do this every year?
Take her --- she puts out.
Screw instinct! We should've checked with Fodor's.
One fish. Two fish. Dead fish. Cordon bleu fish.
So, what was it like working with DiCaprio?
I thought the GPS accounted for traffic.
Well, at least our mercury levels are poisonous!
Do you know the way to San Jose?
Now aren't you glad we shorted Intel?
Quick: open your mouth! That photographer is back.
'Trip of a lifetime,' they said.
I'm starting to regret skipping that life insurance policy.
We’re finishing up the cardio and then you can help with the weight-bearing.
Dude, I think we've totally been catfished.
Hm, I thought they said you'd be a coyote
We're GMO's!
Hey birdbrain....you're going the wrong way!
I just have to swim faster than you.
Maybe downstream was a better idea.
Tony knew there was danger ahead, but instinct moved him forward.
And then he said Ted Cruz was a Candian anchor baby!
Your manager can confirm that I paid for the Express Pass.
Is she worth it, Gil?
You should wait for Johnny. He's coming right behind me, and he must weigh twice as much as I do.
It never fails. Every time you switch lanes, it gets worse.
Yep.....not worth the tax breaks
Don't worry, it's a commemorative statue.
Nah, we had bear for dinner last night!
Maybe I should have asked you for directions rather than follow my instinct.
Let me go and you'll have millions more to choose from!
oh, so that's what Larry meant when he said ' BEAR RIGHT AT THE FORK'..
You can eat me, but you should know that I have a 'not so fresh' feeling.
....and sometimes the bear gets you.
Swimming upstream does have a down side..
I'm not sure I want to go here.
Ever hear of salmonella?
I cant bare these tolls any longer.
i thought the forecast said bull
I knew one day I would regret swimming upstream
Let's make this easy for both of us - ok?
We really need to stop meeting like this....care to grab a bite to eat?
Drat, another pesco-vegetarian.
GO FOR THE BERRIES! AFTER FUKASHIMA, WE'RE NOT SAFE TO EAT!
Just wade still and don't look him in the eyes...
This is CRAZY! I don't even WANT fry!
You do realize, we are full of toxins?
Act nonchalant.
We're going to Whole Foods.
Just think about the melting icebergs before you bite my head off.
You might want to reconsider--we're from Flint.
This is the last time I use Waze.
Okay, so I was farm raised -- what's it to you, Mr. I-Have-a-Satelite-Tracking-Device-On-My-Ear?
Oh come on baby, I swear she's just a friend!
Would you believe I'm farm raised?
I tried farm raised. It wasn't for me.
Perhaps we should have gotten a room.
I hear the ebi sashimi is excellent today.
Dang. I thought she was still on location filming 'The Revenant.'
Don't be a sissy, we can take him!
Wouldn't you prefer a more mainstream salmon?
Suck it up. You lost the coin toss.
Pauline, you may call me a flip-flopper, but to hell with instinct and a gazillion years of evolution, let's take our chances having children downstream.
It’s a fact: adding fish to your diet worsens your halitosis.
It's grizzly at the top, Frank.
I TOLD you not to trust your instinct.
Hey buddy, could you give me a hand?
Ahhhhhhhhhh!
I'm a little preoccupied now - how about on the way back?
I jump in his mouth, you die upstream.
Hi, I'm in your area discussing the Bible with your neighbors.
Jimmy, not to worry. This guy, he's a vegan
Oops. I guess we're going the wrong way.
Apple - 94.34, Microsoft - 52.19, Samsung -1,146,000.00KRW...Helloooo...
Jokes on him, we were farm raised
Maybe he just wants to talk
I wouldn't eat me...I just swam in from Flint MI.
Don't you think you should be a little more mindful of your mercury intake?
Are you pro-spawn or anti-spawn?
'You're into catch-and-release, right'?
This gives the phrase 'swimming upstream' new meaning.
Final boss!
Go ahead and spawn. I'll catch up with you
It would make you a bottom feeder by association. Think about it.
Sorry, this is a Bull Market.
Your breath smells like Doug.
I only regret that I have but one life to lose.
At times like this, I envy Sisyphus.
Fellas! I must say, this is not exactly how I invisioned the brink of my final meltdown.
They say to extend your fins and yell right at him and he'll back off.
Yes! I knew that this Bear Market would kill me!
You can go on ahead!
See, Karen? I told you he wouldn't look anything like his profile picture.
I didn't order the salmon.
When announcing this year's Salmon Run, I must've hit 'Reply All.'
You have the right to remain silent!
This constant (click)bait is too much to bear.
Please, I don't want to die a virgin.
It's always darkest during the spawn.
I don't think our forefathers had this in mind while writing the 2nd amendment
What if we just do dinner and a movie instead?
Omigod, I think we're going to need a bigger river.
You're shoes are untied.
What? You think there's a market for wild Alaskan bear?
Those National Geographic bears make it look so easy
Think, Steve! Do I play dead or make noise?
Maybe I should have ignored the voices inside my head.
I'm serious, I could teach you to eat for a lifetime.
Excuse me, is this the way to San Jose?
Just like in my dream, but bigger.
How do you like your eggs?
I had a feeling this was too good to be true.
Really, this place is not known for its seafood.
If you let us go we can promise you caviar.
Well, that kills the mood.
You might also catch salmonella from me, so choose wisely.
Hey Bruiser, how about a sportin' chance by working on the banks like most normal bears?!
See? I told you to stop and ask for directions.
'Upstream' seemed like a poor prospect to begin with.
Hey big guy, think fast - giant piranha right on my tail!
Looks like you were wrong again about your bull market prediction, Larry.
Oh... BEAR to the left.
They're really trying to make this GMO salmon feel like 'river-to-mouth', huh?
We're late.
You look different in your profile picture.
Don't worry, I heard he's gone vegan!
We shall be two for dinner.
Hello, old friend.
Time to revise your expectations.
A salt weapon!
'Told ya'.
What was I thinking?! I should have just ejaculated in the ocean.
I warn you I have the Zika virus!
Great. Sammy, I TOLD you, don't go chasing waterfalls.
Is it just us or have you noticed a change in climate?
Your son isn't going to survive out here if he keeps swinging his paws like that
If I don't eat you, someone will serve your for 15 dollars/hr.
Maybe the ocean wasn't so bad after all.
You're our driver? Yes, YES we'll pay the surge pricing!
Just work with me, alright? Coast is clear honey, you're good to jump.
This is your lucky day. I've gone vegan.
Smoked or non-smoked?
Don't, I'm loaded with mercury.
This is my worst nightmare
Sorry, the buffet is closed.
You're a vegan, aren't you?
Are you cucumbers as i am now a vegetarian.
Don't panic, Stan, it's not really a bear market, it's only a correction.
(GPS) Recalculating.
I told you we should have asked for directions.
I'm just warning you. Procreating is overrated.
He's polarized!
My, what big teeth you have....
She lets me hit it raw so you know she's a freak.
Not another Kodiak moment!
'Come into my parlor,' said the bear to the salmon.
There's a solemn-looking boulder impeding my path.
heyyy sexy fish baby can i get your number
Is this what you meant by 'swimming upstream'?
Tradition is one thing, but this is ridiculous.
Quick! Play Dead!
'Pardon me, Have you any Grey Poupon'?
Smokey is yet another celebrity delivering a PSA to encourage safe spawning.
Um, dear, spawning may not be the only path to self-preservation.
I CHANGE MY MINE, YOU GO FIRST!
It's now or dying upstream anyway.
Spawnicus Interruptus!
Nope, we're not salmon, we're aquatic drones. One bite and BOOM.
Making it to Super Tuesday will be tougher than I thought.
You look Beary surprised
Your worse at swimming upstream than Bernie Sanders supporters
Perhaps we can negotiate.
Better not, jsut came from the Flint.
Seriously, I an farm bred, GMO and completely indigestible!
Wild Raised.
To bear or not to bear. That is the selection.
We're on track - it said 'Bear left at falls'.
I think if we do this right we could finally get an Oscar.
This is about the whole 'wild-caught' thing, isn't it?
ERIC! Did you misread the directions to bingo again? This is unbearable.
Here's another reason we should have swam downstream.
Have you seen 'The Revenant?'
Don't worry. I think swimming upstream has impressed him, so we're going to be fine.
Hey man, it's OK. I was only going to live for another two days anyway.
Drop your eggs......NOWwwwwwww!
Told you we should look before we leap!
How is the water on your side.
All this for one lousy lay?
I may contain: soy, dairy, wheat, peanuts, tree nuts, eggs, shellfish, and fish.
Don't take a chance. I'm a certified GMO.
Trust me, spawning is so worth it.
We'd love to but we're going to her mother's.
The traffic report said it was clear!
Shut like a steel trap, must be a Bull market this season.
Well, this explains that feeling of existential dread you were describing.
That does not look like my friend Jaws, I tell ya!
You lookin' at me . . . ? Are you lookin' at ME?!
My big brother's right behind me.
Yo! Quit roe blocking us!
'I know we look tasty, but actually we're totally diseased and filled with deadly parasites.
But I AM trying to go to my happy place!
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed our father. Prepare to die.
And to think we didn't listen to out investment manager about the dangers of a bear market.
Look into my eyes - fish are friends, not food.
I don't need to outswim the bear... I just need to outswim you!
How did you know?!
It's OK, my parents are from there.
Alternatives? Honey pots and picnic baskets to name a few.
Are you totally sure he's animatronic?
DiCaprio you said? I might have seen him.
On second thought, maybe kids just aren't for me.
You see an obstacle. I see a challenge.
Hope you don't have a peanut allergy.
Yes, I wrote that advertisement on Fish Adventure.
before you bite think of your grandkids
I've been looking for love in all the wrong places!
Cockblock.
Why yes, I am GMO free and sustainably sourced.
I don't want to give you my cold.
Look into my eyes that's it... keep looking.
'Funny, you don't look like a sushi-eating kind of guy'.
I hate the guy who said Omega-3 is good for you
I wish I hadn't seen 'The Revenant'
Let's make a deal.
Give pesce a chance
You know it's never too late to turn vegan.
Don't worry he is just here to talk
But the sign back there said 'Bear Left', I'm sure of it.
Well, We think the market is going up.
Oops! Wrong floor.
White cliffs of Dover?
All that work to die a virgin.
I don’t suppose you’d like to sit down and discuss this in a civilized manner.
I'm thinking there are times we have to say no to our first instinct.
Not trying to tell you your business but if you eat me, you should get out of the water for 20 minutes.
Quick -- Would you say I'm at my ideal weight ?
Meet me at the bear's butt.
Let's rethink this anadromous life.
No, thanks. I ordered the Tilapia.
It's so much easier to buy genetically modified at the bear market.
Of course you turn yourself around - it's the hokey pokey.
Don't even think about it: eating raw fish can give you salmon-ella
Do you give birthday discounts?
Is this where they filmed 'The Revenant'?
I prefer Walmart's greeters.
Other researchers in the field of catalytic engineering have found that by methodically following the steps in Dr. Andiappan’s original process they could achieve the same groundbreaking results.
Sal, your sense of direction is becoming unbearable.
Grandpa will be along in just a couple of minutes.
I'm not sure, it said 'bear left at the fork'. Oh...
Now you know what's eating me.
I don't know, Henry. He looks like a credible threat to me.
For an Oscar, sure.
I'm high in lead.
You're not by any chance here to pose for a photo, are you?
YOUR LIVING ON THE EDGE
Have you happened to eat my wife recently?
Hey are you Jim? You don't look anything like your Tinder profile picture...
We'll take a quick vote and toss someone up in a minute.
Sex Ed never said a word about this.
You do know ; we're not in season .
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor bears will stay this courier, Buster!
Soo you and Leo?
I don't care what Thomas Wolfe said. Get out of my way!
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie that's Amore...
Do you come here often?
Okay, maybe being farm-raised wouldn't be that bad.
I'm going to give him the most ferocious look that I can.
We need a new annual tradition.
We come in peace
Bear right at the falls!
Dying is guaranteed, spawning is not!
On the plus side, we might end up with an Oscar nom.
Bear!' 'Duck!
We're raising money for endangered species. Join us.
Can this wait? I need 500 more steps.
I almost feel sorry for everyone stuck in traffic back there.
Get outta the way; I saw 'The Revenant.'
Coasting downstream is no way to go through life they said.
You should have been like me - dropped out of school.
Damn climate change! You're supposed to be hibernating!
But the traffic sign said bear right.
We never seem to see sockeye to eye.
Hey, I'm full of mercury, best to let me pass.
I told you that this was a dead end!
Oh no! Another Kodiak moment.
It's a beautiful course, but the final leg is a real bear.
The spawn of the 2 on 1 play.
You'd better get it right this time. We're losing light, and the director is scouting other bears.
Is this the new definition of 'bear market'?
On the count of three play dead.
My, my... what a lovely coat!
Don't eat us. We're farmed.
Here's the guy dad warned us about...
My eggs or my stock?
Whatcha think, Steve? Fight or flight?
Let's convince him we are too close to our expiration date.
Don't even bother, buddy. We're GMO.
Don't even think it!
Wouldn't it be easier just to shoot fish in a barrel?
Moooon River.....oops!
The grunions are coming!
Hey yo! Move! I'm spawnin' here
First traffic on the highway. Now this.
Don't let anyone ever tell you that spawning is safe sex.
Do you like La Fontaine?
Who is 'Murphy' I could have told you 'Nothing is as easy as it seems ...'
Hey ! We're farm raised not wild caught.
But, how are the schools?
Yogi, I can't stop for dinner. I'm on my way to the greatest night of my life.
Hawking is right...there is no God.
Watch out, I have salmonella!
Hey buddy, do you mind?
Why can't humans be this simple?
Don't worry. This is where I come to think.
C'mon, I just gotta swim home for two seconds.
She comes with caviar.
Next time ask for directions!
I feel like we took a wrong turn somewhere.
Well, this explains why Dave never returned our calls.
Yeah, right Eddie! This short cut is a great idea!
Hey, you want a piece of me?
Growl loudly, Lenny!
I told you that app wouldn't work!
The trout tastes better and is more nutritious.
Would you settle for some sushi?
It's another Russian invasion, Yulia!
My Omega 3 levels are really quite low, I thought you should know.
Pardon me, would you have any Grey Poupon?
Just floating downstream is no way to go through life they said.
So, how about the last four years of your life?
No, I haven't heard of Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
Doesn't look like the catch and release type
You said we would die peacefully!
Are you sure the GPS said to swim upstream?
I would just like to point out that veganism is good for the environment.
Perhaps we were a little too bullish.
We're not kosher.
Like this isn't tough enough!
You think he sees us?' 'No, but I think I just saw DiCaprio.
What are you doing here Mark?
Just got nipped by a zika-mosquito.
I'm an ursus vegan pescatarian but the salmon population in these parts are being decimated by pollution and runoff.
What's the purpose of your visit?
Really? You would murder a pregnant mother?
Wait until she finds out we are GMO's!
Uh-oh...Hunger Games all over again? That's unbearable!
He's only got three legs--that's 'What's with the come-hither look?'!
Oops! One way sreet
Forget it - we're loaded with GMO's.
Excuse me, I don't mean to bother you but I'm such a big fan. What was working with Leo like?
Looks like I won the Powerball.
I'm going to need proof of citizenship and parental consent.
This explains why we're the only fish who swim upstream!
We've been recalled so you're being redirected to the Trout River just west of here.
Would you settle for some caviar?
Don't over think this, but your breath is terrible.
Consuming raw seafood may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
Does SHE know this river is catch and release?
Maybe Darwin has a point.
This is how we entertain the tourists. What do you do?
Hey baby, what's ursine?
Please, think of the children!
Your fishing license has expired!!
Seven ppm mercury!
We heard you're going vegan.
Just saying, my mercury level is deadly
Is there a man who has ever lived who would ask for directions??!
I roe the day.
It's an upstream battle
Fish speaking 'I should tell you the Surgeon General warns eating too much after hibernation may result in headache, nausea and bloating. '
Oh yea, one last thing. Don't stair at the eye.
Tell my wife I never forgot to do the dishes, I just didn't want to do them!
Let's see, a couple items on today's menu just seem to jump right out at me.
Bear This !
dude im gonna fuckn eat you boy!
'Let's go a different way this year, you said'
Focus on my face and give it another try!
You said the Bears didn't have any blocking this year!
Quick, look out behind you!
Trouble at twelve o'clock!
My, have you grown.
Look quick! It's the revenant!
You're invited for dinner
This is exactly why I said we shouldn't have kids.
Holy mackerel, my whole life just splashed before my eyes!
Excuse me. My date is waiting on the other end.
I felt a lot more comfortable doing this before David Attenborough
How’s the spawning up there?
I wish I had time to change my rating of the new GPS app that suggested this route.
Don't even try to tell me that this is the 'Circle of Life'!
You said it'd be like a second honeymoon!
I knew we should've gone up a different stream
who's laughing now? Oh right me again HAHA!
Go ahead, we just got back from vacationing in Flint Michigan!
I thought that your doctor told you that your mercury and Omega-3 levels were high.
Are you GMO-free?
I was in school that day.
Look over there, it's a hiker with a picnic basket
I will never get into the movies this way.
Why not try the trout this year?
The mercury free salmon are behind me!
You zig and I’ll zag
This is why we need free-market creeks where the best spawn-creators are incentivized and the bears go downstream and wait for the lazy salmon.
I can't go on like this. Only meeting once a year. It's killing me inside.
I've done the math - we have a 2% chance of being reincarnated as an inanimate object.
FYI, nickname's 'Thermometer' -- I'm so full of mercury.
duck? that's a bear, honey.
Fifty bucks if you can wait until after we spawn.
Those omega-3 fatty acids are gonna do us in.
I told you not to post our location on Facebook!
This is the last time I swim to the beat of a different drummer.
1,853 miles! For the love of God, let me spawn first.
We have salmonella so don't bother with us thanks
If you can wait a minute there's a 15-pounder just behind me.
I tried warning you about long-distance relationships, but nooo.
Bear right!
Harvey, I told you and I told you: This is not the stream to the guy who tells you the meaning of life.
I can't bear this waiting.
Hey Boo-Boo its Piranha time
Sorry, we're vegetarians.
Catch and release, right?
Tell him you're farm raised.
Maybe we should consider adopting.
I hate you so much right now, Alanis...
On second thought, maybe we should have just spawned at home.
I'm trying to spawn - quit stalking me!
'Do you mind? We're trying to spawn here!' J
Time to adjust our portfolio. We're coming up on a bear market.
If we send him a love tweet, he'll think we're birds and go away.
I always knew that commuting would be the death of me.
I've a fat girlfriend with a lot of eggs!?!' 'Dam!' 'I've a fat girlfriend with a lot of eggs!?!
Of all the cold water streams, in all the mountains, in all the world, she walks into mine…
Quit stalking me I'm trying to spawn!
But we're not even organic!
Don't believe that crap about Omega-3.
That's what I call a compromise.
I'm here because I'm Catholic and it's Friday.
I told you to make a left at Saskatoon.
Hey Bob, do you ever wonder if all this hard work is worth it?
I agreed to swim against the current with you but shut up about 'Bull Market'!
Gimme a break, there's some really big ones right behind me.
See? I told you we we're going the wrong way.
I regret never learning how to go with the flow.
Suddenly that fortune cookie makes sense!
Freshly Smoked Salmon
1) Did I leave the stove on? 2) I should have asked for directions. 3) I suddenly regret being an up-stream fish. 4) I read in a magazine if we play dead, he will ignore us. 5) 'We are not the fish you are looking for'
The ladies are waiting. All I need is an hour, and I'll be right back.
The guy fishing downstream looked tasty
I told you that it doesn't pay to swim against the current.
You know PETA looks out for you too.
It's OK ... I'm a vegan
Oh, look. First we're swimming upstream without a paddle, and now this.
Ever considered farmed?
We should have taken the Hudson.
Ick. I thought you did that stuff in the woods.
One step closer and it's all downhill for you, Smokey!
As if the mouth of the river wasn't tough enough.
Simon, we should make good time today. I heard on traffic radio BASS650 suppose to be clear on the spawning highway.
Leo went that way!
Grubhub
Upstream Omega-3s!
I'm stuffed to the gills with gluten!
I am tired of swimming upstream in a bear market
Looks fishy!
Not all 1,000 mile journeys have a happy ending...
No lie, the EPA says I'm full of Mercury.
Careful, we're loaded with mercury!
Well Stephen, at least we're not in Quebec this time...
Your table is ready.
I just need to swim faster than him.
This is going to be grizzly! I hope we can bear it!
We got one more mile to go on our 200-mile journey, and NOW this fat ass wants to eat us?
Ever heard of the vegan diet?
Is it too much to ask you to just wrap yourself in a little seaweed and come back with some soy sauce and wasabi next time??
Yo Bubbles, hand me that pepper spray would ya.
'Are you guys wild or farm-raised?'
Don't you know nutrionists advise not to eat farm raised salmon?
Good grief another endangered apex predator!
Gravity, don't fail me now!
How 'bout roe for weeks?
Mr Bear do you have any idea where Joe is? He went to you last time we saw.
Looks like we have more to worry about than our Mercury levels.
I'll go right and you head straight into his mouth to divert him.
Frank. Quick. Play dead.
I love a captive audience!
Keep it realistic, David Attenborough is watching.
Don't worry... just try to look intimidating and don't make eye contact.
I am wondering if you guys are GMO free
Should've bought an E-ZPass.
We're toxic
Damn, I thought it was the Year of The Monkey!
Thank god for wild and stupid!
I'm feeling romantic. Let's stop here for tonight.
Give me a break man, I just want to get laid.
On second thought, I'll wait for Leonardo DiCaprio.
Dude, this is the last time I let you book online.
Suddenly celibacy doesn't seem so bad.
I love dining al fresco.
We feel your presence here is a microaggression.
I'll need to see a license.
WE ARE GENENTICALLY MODIFIED ORGANISIMS - GMOs TO YOU ...SO THERE!
Still think the mountains are more romantic than the beach?
With two such beneficial options he could barely choose between the salmon and trout.
I don't even think this is the river I was spawned in.
I knew we should have turned left at the last junction
Well, this is an ironic plot twist... two golden lox and the one bear.
You won't like us, we're just derivatives.
It's not so much missing my one chance to spawn, I just hope the tourists are getting my best side!
you fucked leo lol
You wanna give my friend and I here a little help, instead of just gawking at us?
Now that you mention it, downstream would have been a better choice.
Bet you weren't expecting me!
We've had a long, hard trip. Please don't interruptus.
Chef recommends the wild mushroom risotto
The password is bear jerky, no, outta my way.
Eat him, he's organic
That's the last time I use Google Maps.
A fed bear is a dead bear!
Squirrel!
You see that look don't you? I told you we were early!
Mother was right. This is what I get for swimming against the current.
Oh, crap. It’s Paul from Personnel. Look likes we’re going to have another downsizing.
'I knew I should have taken the expressway!
I don't think this is what Google Maps meant by 'bear left.'
Leo didn't deserve it, you didn't get the nomination is because you're a black bear.
Bear right! Bear left!
There's a 2 for 1 deal downstream- check it out...
We're playing hide and seek. I can easily see you guys!
Listen, Bear. We're coming from the Flint River. You don't want to eat us.
Quick, help me spawn a few distractions!
You realize this is kind of demoralizing.
You don't want me. I'm farm raised.
This is what happens when you don't go with the flow.
We're sorry, but we were unable to deliver your amazon package at this time.
Oh, really? This is unbearable!
I hear trout are much higher in Omega 3s
Back off. We're the endangered species now.
I told you we should have turned left at Walla Walla.
I don’t have to out swim the bear. I need to out swim you.
Just in time for Lent.
Sorry I contain GMOs. But uhh...this guy to my right is totally organic.
We have to stop meeting like this.
I think we went up the wrong stream.
Oh boy. Bear for dinner!
I told you we're in a bear market.
Do your parents know what you're up to tonight?
Bears? Urban legend' he said. 'Go! Enjoy the trip.
Wocka, Wocka Fozzie Bear!
I know we just met, but you're going to miss me.
Unless you're immune to salmonella you better back off.
Can't this wait until after I've spawned?
Relax, I only eat vegan gluten free non dairy.
You don't even subscribe to National Geographic.
Canyoning now the second highest cause of death amongst Alaskan salmons.
I know it looks stupid but it's in our DNA.
Missed us! Sorry about that! Better luck next time...Smokey.
I told you to activate the 'bear avoidance' feature on the GPS navigation system.
I think this may be the last time I call Uber.
Now what, Mister I-Don't-Need-to-Pull-Over-for-Directions?
I missed your Mom on her way down.
Then you said no. We have to swim upstream!
OK, let's take him down! You grab a back leg and I'll take a front one.
Like to meet our kids someday?
Wipe that entitled look off your face, we're here for the exercise.....
With two such benefishal options he could bearly choose between the salmon and trout
I don't think she cares that we are farm raised.
Once I get out west, I'm planning to spawn and then maybe go back to school on-line.
OK. But just let me spawn first.
Milt, it's now or never!
Have you heard about our lord and savior?
Perfect! Now we won't have to visit your parents
If you wait until after spawning, catching me will be way easier.
The fattiest salmon just passed mile four. Wait ten minutes?
Let me guess: you used Apple maps again.
If you had to work this hard to spawn, you'd be slim, too.
Do we look like we're sustainably sourced?!
Where's a hook when you need one?
Of course I see the bear, but I can’t stop this crazy urge to swim upstream.
I told you to turn left at the last creek!
A little menu variety wouldn't kill you.
Ahh...How long have you been standing there?
I have the right to bear fish.
I told you Siri would get the directions wrong!
Instincts suck.
Now you see what I mean by a 'Hail Mary pass?'
Bear left! Bear right.
Don't worry... he looks stuffed!
Bear left, I mean bear right!
I said 'Go with the flow.' But no. You said 'Be different. Swim against the current.' any other great ideas?
I hate Darwin.
That's when I realized that my raw food diet was causing me a lot of grief.
I'm serious. Gluten-free diets are overrated.
There are many new trends in diet changes nowadays, you know, like vegan?
Okay, I'm distracting him. Now what?
I'm so over Nobu.
Wait! I might be a GMO.
Until this moment I never understood the point of going with the flow!
I'll try to seduce him.
Of course, we’re sure. We’re farmed salmon.
Noonan!
Asshole!
There's a flounder right behind us.
Make yourself look tall
Ignore us. We're just doing this for the halibut.
Is this the right way to the Bronx?
Who told?
So much for swimming upstream.
He looks friendly, you go first
Piglet and Eeyore said he was vegetarian.
I knew this way didn't make sense!
I'm not locally sourced.
Pass, you are GMO escapees!
'Tis better to have spawned and lost than never to have spawned at all ... '
The Fish: 'Hi! I heard so much about you!'
No, I insist, after you.
You never think it will happen to you...
The things you do for love.
All right guys!!!, lets go right into my mouth!!.:)
With all the hormones from being farmed, I think we can jump right over him!
I may not look it, but I swear I'm a farmed salmon, full of antibiotics you purists wouldn't like.
Wouldn't you prefer our bigger, genetically modified brethren?
I laid an egg!
Any chance you could wait until after I spawn?
Bears are bully's just like Donald Trump
O.K. guys, how do I tell which one of you is GMO?
I dunno, man, he looks pretty fishy to me.
You and your sure-fire, time-saving short cut!
Are you gluten free?
Don't move
Safety third.
The next group is much higher in omega three.
YAAAAAAGHHHH! SHARKNADO!
Are you GMO and gluten free?
I always try to swim against the current.
Just bear with me, please.
Up the creek - without a paddle
'How come WE never get to go upstream?' you said.
Caveat or Caviar?
I thought you guys only do that in the woods!
Evil Spawn!!
Well that's the last time I follow you
Realizing he was being filmed, Barney felt under huge pressure not to screw up.
C'mon in. You can bear it.
Boy, am I sick of Vladimir's incursions into our territory!
Are we too late for our dinner reservation? Salmon, party of two.
Relax. I'm in a 12-step program.
Where's my bicycle?
I know I said I'd never settle down and move back upstream, but there's just something inside me that's telling me to, y'know?
More of an opportunist if you ask me.
Getting a rapid meal seemed hard to bear.
I told you we shouldn't go swimming on Fridays during Lent!
The SEC really ought to do something about insider trading.
Don't bother, we're farm raised.
The slower, fatter, salmon are just behind us.
Is this the way to Capistrano?
But I am doing this for you so there will be many more next year.
Now that I'm here, bear hugs don't seem as appealing.
Hmm. I think this bear's watching.
I like my eggs over easy
Sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you.
When you get to the falls, Bear left.
When you wake up you will be a vegan.
This is a bear.
Hey Boo-Boo my how you've grown!
The benefits of Omega-3 are greatly exaggerated in the media.
I'm heading to the Climate Change Conference. Jump in my mouth and come with me.
Sure your hot, but I'm starting to wonder if this was all worth it.
No, just the opposite. The latest studies indicate that omega 3’s exhibit potent ursine toxicity.
I repeat...out of necessity, your conversational style needs to be much more to the point.
I think it's a fisherman in a bear costume - be careful!
Death imitates art
You can sweat a tuna, but good luck trying to grill a shark!
Oh F@#$-ish !
Omega-3's aren't as good for you as everyone thinks!
We're loaded with mercury.
Damn! This is the same way my uncle died.
To spawn, or not to spawn ....
Of all the streams in all the world....
So you're pescaterian, not Presbyterian?
Couldn't we study Maslow some other way?
Hey, Sam! Yeah, Sam? You see that hairy rock?
I don't care how ethically it's farmed, nothing beats wild caught.
If Leonardo DiCaprio can survive, so can we.
Let me by there's a bigger one right behind me.
Don't even think about it.
You ought to try the farm raised downstream.
Keep moving, they don't like fast food!
Have you heard about the benefits of vegetarianism?
George! I told you to stop and ask for directions, now look what's happened!
Sorry, we're not free for dinner.
Remind me again, why are we doing this instead of Cabo?
Have you considered the benefits of a vegetarian diet?
It's true, Vegans live longer.
You rape Leo?
How about YOU 'lean in'!
the ones behind are higher in omega 3
This could be em'bear'assing!
You look tired. Go back to sleep...it's not even close to Spring!
Step aside or you'll be blamed for rising salmon prices.
Please have no teeth! Be a gummy bear! C'mon gummy bear!
I found you on Yelp!
C'mon in! The water's fine.
You need to lose weight.
We have the Match ids from every bear downstream.
Nothing tastes THAT good.
I hear if you play dead they'll leave you alone.
I've never felt like this much of a fish out of water before
Damn! I thought our broker said it was a bull market.
I told you we should always have an exit strategy!
Turn around, you jerk! This is a one-way stream!
Are you farm-raised?
The kids will thank us.
Do I LOOK like Leonardo DiCaprio?!
I only eat local.
Beware, my friends call me Mercury!
Dammit Siri!
Did you order the salmon?
Recalculate route!
So it's true: You can't go home again.
Honey, do you know who we're supposed to call about problems with our streaming services?
Better check your mercury level first.
Don't even think about it ! I'm high in mercury !
We're looking for a little privacy, so if you wouldn't mind...
In a rush . . . See you when I return?
Nana nana boo boo, you can't catch me!
I happen to think you were marvelous in The Revenant.
I tried that new diet of cutting out fish, and I lost 5 pounds in a week! You should really consider it.
Mom once said 'those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it”.
Don't spawn-block me, bro!
I'm GMO and encrusted with gluten!
Yes, my mother is Canadian, but I was born in Alaska.
I'm too old to be doing this.
No big fish around here...you are out of luck!
Spawn Patrol: Controlling Overpopulation Since the Dawn of Time
But we have E-ZPass!
Like its not hard enough swimming upstream...
I certainly DO NOT think DiCaprio overshadowed your performance in that scene.
We double dare you.
I’m too old for these games.
Tell me again why we are going upstream?
You were right. Maybe we should've used our frequent flyer miles.
You should know my Mercury and radioactive Cesium levels are a little elevated.
Wouldn't you rather shoot fish in a barrel?
Can you help us in exchange for our first one thousand born?
We should have taken a cab.
I think you're really cute too. I just never do afternoon capers.
They always told us not to use the top step of the ladder.
Now I know why this part of the river's called 'Sushi Bar.'
Hold on, a bigger fish is chasing me.
We just jumped out of the frying pan.
Do you mean, the air-speed velocity of an African or a European swallow?
Oh boy. What's the odds that this bear's animated?
The hell with it. Let's spawn downstream.
here fishy, fishy, fishy, fishy!
Ok, there's the bear Steve was talking about. Just go straight in his mouth and he'll take us the rest of the way.
Have you considered the mercury risk?
This isn't a catch-and-release stream?
'Oh no, Stanley, I'm tired, I have a headache....' Only once a year -now look where we are!
Looks like a bear market from here on out.
Try it. It's great for your sex life.
We didn't get any nominations either. #OscarsSoHuman
Warning, our high mercury levels may pose a health risk.
We were expecting Donald Trump.
I told you the last level was a bear
Carp! Look where going against the current gets us.
Hmm...something smells kinda' beary
Well, if that's not an unfriendly face. I think I'll break taboo and spawn downstream.
Life's an up stream battle my friend, many of us don't make it and that's a bear fact!!
I don't think any of us are blackened, but I'm happy to ask around.
Don't look so surprised, Fred. I told you I've been working out!
Don't you ever retrospect? Struggle against the flow?
Snapshot of the Republican Presidential race. L to R: Donald Trump on top of the falls looking down, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson madly swimming upstream. Picture taken on the Democratic Campaign River.
I told you not to trust the GPS!
The answer is still 'no' and she doesn't want you coming around her school anymore.
I don't see a future in live streaming.
No Sam, I seriously doubt he's a vegan.
My doctor says I'm low in Omega 3, but Fred looks delicious.
We salmon are reporting you to the World Wildlife Federation.
Don't you know you can't go home again?
Don't take the salmon ladder, you said. Let's be wild and free, you said.
Next time we're driving.
Our group opposes the rite to bear arms.
Simon says this time it's different
When apathy meets optimism
You've lost weight since last year..is it the new climate change diet?
Just one more little jump and you're home free!
This may seriously affect my Yelp review of this trip
Take the Outer Creek, I said. But, no. 'Take the Upper Stream. Take the Upper Stream.' Well, how do you like the Upper Stream now?
'I should warn you, these fins are registered lethal weapons'.
We heard the food is good here...
At least this one's not wearing a GoPro.
Mama said there'd be days like these.
With modern technology you'd think live streaming would be easier.
Unfair. Totally unfair.
It's not personal. It's strictly business.
Fish:'You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny'
Well, it was your bright idea to take the escalator!
Next time I will pick 'go with the flow' !
You're going the wrong way.
It's ok. I'm ready to go.
Where is Leonardo DiCaprio when I need him?
Come on, buddy, just give us 15 minutes
Thank you for noticing but time to spawn is of the essence...
We've got you surrounded.
Bear right at next falls?? Who gave you those directions?
Come’on and get me!
I must know before dying... Do you guys really do that in the woods?
How long have you been a vegan?
You're as bad for my blood-pressure, as I am for your mercury-levels.
Well... At least we won't end up in a sushi roll!
I'm really high in mercury.
I've got a bad feeling about his invitation to dinner.
Have you seen The Revenant yet?
It's just like golf, Hank. Avoid obstacles and drop it in the hole.
Let me guess: you're here for a swimming lesson.
Starting to wish I was born gay.
Did you know that I contain gluten?
Do you mind? I'm trying to get some action from the ladies over here!
Just so you know, this river got 'B' rating.
We're just passing through...
It's that damn Reverant bear again..
Oh, that's what he meant by 'Bear left here.'
Dont't smile! He eats wide mouth bass.
You look nothing like your profile pic.
You can do it fish. Don't worry I'll catch you.
That other guy over there called you a jerk.
How's your wall working Trump?
They told me this was the sea of oppor-tuna-ty.
sometimes you have to go with the flow
I thought you would be meeting with OPEC.
' These trips back home to deliver some eggs are to die for!'
I didn't even want kids...
Sorry, I thought he meant 'bare right ahead.'
You jump I jump... they said.
You just couldn't stop for directions could you?
I'm an escaped farmed salmon with chemical. He's a wild salmon with mercury.
A scene from the movie Mean Stream: 'The Cod-father wants us to get our tails back home. We was swimmin with the fishes!'
Damn straight I'm gluten-y.
You should really invest in a life insurance policy.
Go ahead, jump!
Don't be a fool! I'm loaded with mercury!
salmon: Unless you have gills, get back on land.
Bear to your LEFT!
Don't eat us we're endangered too.
So much for my fling with optimism.
Yep, they were right! It's definitely a bear market this year!
... And then you get half the progeny.
We're actually escaped farm-raised Salmon, full of unhealthy antibiotics.
Do you need a hug?
I thought it was my turn to eat the bear.
Bear with me, I need my protein.
I told you we should have checked MapQuest!
You're about to eat me, you could look a little less blase.
Why don't you go on a diet.
What the hell, Fin? I told you to book bear-free.
Just remember. You're the turf.
Quick, fake to the right we are not missing are chance to spawn.
You don't want to eat me. I was farm-raised.
Have you considered a vegan diet?
Alright, just give him the dead fish eyes
I really need to rethink my dating strategy.
Pick on someone your own size!
There's plenty of fish in the sea.
staring contest
Uh Oh! Another Paleo-dieter.
It's only fair to tell you, I swam all the way from Flint.
Uh, oh. I thought you said, 'Hey, bubba, this bears watching.'
I plan on taking an upstream position on you.
Maybe next time we should just go to my place.
Give me that shocked look all you want, we both just want to spawn.
Could I interest you in a chicken Caesar salad?
They told us you'd be sh-tting in the woods!
Well this was a bad idea.
Pardon me, do you have any grey poupon?
Ex-stream risks in a bear market.
Sorry, the doctor put me on an all fish diet.
Don't worry, he prefers farm raised.
I'm beary hungry.
You go on ahead. I've got an appointment with destiny.
Ah, but a bear's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
I thought working our way up the food chain meant something different!
Uh. You don't look anything like your profile pic, but you're definitely a bear
Hi Guys, I only do Organic!!!
Sammy, if I live through this, I'm dedcating my life to Posiedon!
I think it's only a correction.
should have taken a left at Albuquerque
I don't recommend the sushi.
The one time I go upstream!
I thought we lost this guy at the last waterfall!
I just wanna be friends
You can eat us after we spawn. We'll die anyway.
I didn't think he'd still be hungry after attacking Leonardo.
So much for intelligent design!
You look much cuter in real life... By the way, there is a bigger one right behind me.
One more lunge and the bear is mine.
100 things to do before I die, and yelling for help wasn't on my list!
Road rage kills
At this moment, the fish realized it wasn't worth it.
I thought you said 'swimming upstream is a bear'!
If you eat me, I will give you salmonella's revenge.
'Swimming Upstream': The poster that wasn't in your guidance counselor's office.
We should've stuck to the rivers and lakes that we're used to.
This is a fishy situation
Crap! It's the Fuzz!
I actually prefer alive streaming.
This just seems like a metaphor for my life.
I thought you said the sign said 'Bear Left'?
Hey George, go see if you can make him fall in the water again.
I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque.
Bet you wish you had gotten a room instead!
I hope someone captions us into survival.
Quick, bark like a dog.
Fool me twice...
I think it's working! He hasn't noticed me wearing my infishability cloak!
National Geographic here we come!
So, how did the Bears do this season?
Have you tried tuna?
Sorry, I don't know who was supposed to bring the cream cheese.
We've been genetically modified to swim upstream.
Yikes! Look at that rifle!
I just killed myself to get here.
My name? Salmon Ella.
Can you wait till me and my wife spawn first?
Oh thank god. No, it's not Trump, it's just a bear.
No chance you'd prefer a cheeseburger?
The British are coming! The British are coming!
You know, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
'Trump or Cruz?' Now he woun't move!
Wait, is it too late to choose farmed?
Are you the obstetrician?
If I have to come down there you will be sorry.
Ralph, I think this big bozo never heard of a catch limit during spawning!
Follow my lead. Backstroke... Backstroke...!
Real beauty right behind me.
It's winter. Go back to sleep.
You looked different on GROWLr.
So what's Leo really like?
God, I hate instinct...
As a fish, I never expected anything less.
Would it change things if I told you we were genetically modified?
You think he cares that we are endangered?
Could we interest you in a nice can of Finnan Haddie?
We welcome migrants here.
You sure, Thelma?
These Planned Parenthood protesters are becoming unbearable!
After all those dams, damn!
You just had to lead didn't you? Happy now?
I wonder if fish get nine lives too cause those fish are goners.
Quickly, tell me again why we keep doing this?
*Consuming raw or undercooked seafood may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
'Instead of spawning can we just adopt'?
She's downstream.
I thought they do that in the woods?
Honey! Did you get us live-streaming?
I'm Sockeye, he's chinook, tell me chinook is yer'favorite big guy!
Heads up, this is the tricky part.
Catching anything?
On second thought, downstream seems like a great option.
Finalists for this week's cartoon will appear online February 22nd, and in the February 29th issue of The New Yorker.
Its easier going downhill
Ding! at the top of the waterfall, BEAR LEFT!
Have you been waiting for me?
I'll take no mouth from you.
I don't think we're going to make it...
I'll have you know I'm pregnant.
You're taking all of the romance out of spawning.
I think you were snubbed by the Academy committee as well.
Have you considered vegan?
Sorry, I got the wrong floor...
FYI My lead content is fairly high.
!'Hey, guess what I just did back in the woods'
Boy, it's tough swimming upstream in a bear market.
Help!!! Ok .... only if I can eat you after
Wanna procreate?
Would you please stop humming 'The Circle of Life'?
Gotta catch 'em all.....
I'd skip the sashimi and go with the tofu today.
Have you tried the chicken here? It's great.
You leave for one mating cycle and the neighborhood goes to hell.
Have you heard the latest about fish oil?
now that I think about it, that farm raised thing had its advantages
I'll be happy to help you up and have you for dinner.
Here's a thought. Let's just spawn downstream this year.
Don't worry, he's only interested in your for your brain.
I may have misunderstood that 'Bear Left' sign.
This is just a documentary so don't bit too hard.
Actually, I'm off surfers, cant swim straight after I eat them.
Not quite the homecoming welcome I expected!
Coupla more steps, Big Boy...
Wouldn't you prefer farm raised?
Go upstream and propagate the species, they said. It's your duty, they said.
Dinner tonight? Great! I'll bring the kids!
Hey, Canadian bear, we're American salmon full of toxic heavy metals - not edible.
Take three giant steps, and please don't forget the 'may I'.
Any alternate routes?
My broker warned me about a bear market.
Eeeeeee
Just so you know, we're loaded with PCB.
You don't want me. I have salmonella
You're going to have to make a U-turn and follow the stream out to the ocean, make a left along the shore and follow it south for about 2,000 miles
Excuse me, Sir, is this the right way to the spawning grounds?
RIGHT FULL RUDDER. Bub - B, Ruin dead ahead.
You jump first.
One...I have the right to life. Two... I have the right to spawn.
And, once again, my GPS has screwed me.
I'm having second thoughts about this shortcut.
Well, at least I already spawned.
Mama Grizzly's busy trumping trout
My friend's mercury levels are much lower, sir!
Thanks for the invite! Let me drop off the kids first and I'll meet you for dinner.
Out of the way, buddy. I've got a hot date upstream.
You didn't hear it from me, but some girl named Goldilocks is at your place now messing up the beds and eating all the porridge.
I'm vegan
I TOLD you! You took the wrong stream back there!
I guess you weren't kidding when you said 'going home would be a bear.'
Bigger fish behind us.
Not to lay a guilt trip on you, but you'd also be killing the unborn.
I'm here to help you. Just have a little faith. I'm here to help you. You can count on me.
I am up to here in mercury!
Fake left, go right!
I wish Leon were here
What good is it if there's a bull market somewhere?
Make a wish
.....AS IF SWIMMING UPSTREAM WASN'T DIFFICULT ENOUGH....!
Wait, my name really is Nemo.
Yeah? Well there's two of us now, bub.
Forget it, Sally. Sex is overrated.
You fish never learn anything.
Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Which one of you is Leo?
You're wanted on Wall Street.
Good thing I spawned about a mile back.
This Omega-3 thing has really gotten out of hand!
Don't worry. I've never liked fish.
You guys are going the wrong way!
What is this a bear market? Why do I feel like I'm always swimming upstream?
You don't scare us. We saw 'The Revenant.'
We are so done with ecotourism.
should we risk being eaten for a chance to have so-so sex?
I asked, unfortunately he is a pescatarian
Where is Leonardo DiCaprio when you need him
Not gonna happen!
Who's taking this one for the team??
We did all this work for this?
Hey Bruno, eat more chicken..
In the interest of full disclosure, I have severe ursus-itis. I swear.
so close, yet so far away
Do you ever Sh*$ in the woods?
Seems like the2016 election.....always swimming upstream and gobbled.
Actually, we're already extinct!
I'm sorry I didn't realize we were in someone else's metaphor.
On the upside, I'll qualify for the Darwin Awards.
Alright, let's do this.
Are you anadromous or androgynous?
Fodor's was right - wildlife on our cruise upriver!
My 401K and I were hoping for a bull this spring.
When we get to the top of the falls ... Bear left!
I'm GMO, you don't wanna go there!
oh crap sammy did you say take a right at the big rock that looks like a bear or the big bear that looks like a rock!
No! We're not cod, and we don't come with chips!!
Your girlfriend is built.
All my life people said I'd be rewarded for going against the flow.
I told you we should have taken the ferry.
Excuse me, trying to spawn here!
Kiss my ass!
One each side again? The bear cheek of these fellows
What we do for love.
Dinner is served!
We're farm raised.
Look , a rainbow!
2 for 1 sushi 'not so' Happy Hour
It's okay he's a vegan.
Stupid shoulda made us extinct generations ago.
I don't need to ask for directions, you said. I have natures GPS you said
Listen, that omega 3 fad is so last year.
Catch us on the flip-flop.
I told you not to trust apple maps!
What's wrong with my laying eggs in the ocean ?
I thought I ordered takeout, not delivery.
Hey Frank, do you mind if we borrow your lawn mower?
Do you mind, we're trying to spawn!
I'm loaded with mercury...back off.
I think our retirement assets are about to take a major hit.
We should have spawned in Miami.
Next time I say lets get married in Vegas...
But it's not Friday!
Did you check Waze before we left?
Stop laughing, this is serious.
Damn. Why does spawning have to be so complicated?
You should know right now, I'm loaded with Mercury.
Sammy, I'm thinking that fairness and the food chain are mutually exclusive concepts.
I wish I had someone to swim with. Smokey left me.
Hey, let us pass. The tour bus doesn't get here for another hour.
The guy behind me is much tastier more nutritional. I swear!
Want to swim, sir?
I knew I should have gotten an E-ZPass.
one fish, two fish, red fish,BIG BEAR!
You've gotta be kidding me.
Don’t make eye contact
Where is DiCaprio when you need him?
Hey, there's no crying in spawning.
'It's hard to say, but there's something pitiless in those eyes that doesn't scream 'vegan' to me'.
You don't want the runt of the litter. I think you'll enjoy my brother better.
You know this stream is catch and release, don't you?
Charlie, what's plan B?
Bless us Oh Lord and these thy gifts from thy bounty....
My parents went through the same thing.
We aren't the salmon you're looking for.
Looks like it's a bear market for Salmon.
Well, if it's a metaphor, it's a damn stupid one, if you ask me.
From now on, how about we just go with the flow.
May I recommend the trout?
Oh brother! My horoscope is way, way off today.
Bearing the cost of internet streaming...
You don't look anything like your profile picture
I think we should have taken a left at Cross River.
I told you we should have taken a right at Albuquerque!
The earliest beginnings of fast food linked to obesity
So much for following my instinct!
I knew there was something fishy about this vacation!
Reverse! Reverse! Reverse!
Uber. I told you to order an Uber.
Committing spawning interruptus violates the 'bro-code'.
Try not to make eye contact!
Want to play Catch ....?
You're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't.
Try her. I'm genetically modified.
OK, OK. Maybe that little eddy back downstream would be a good place to stop for the night!
I wish transmitting the fittest genes was easier.
I'm 100% GMO so I'd grab him right now if I were you!
We're good to go. I told him that our relatives who smoke are right behind us.
This neighborhood has really taken a downturn since I was young
Have you lost weight? You look great!
Sometimes I feel like the fish are after me!
Where's Sarah Palin when you need her?
It's an old Sicilian message - it means Luca Brasi poops in the woods.
Next year we take the stairs.
I'm really hoping you're a vegan.
Yes, I saw The Revenant. Please be quiet.
Sorry, Catch of the Day is trout.
'After 'The Boost' I was thinking we could do a 'Water Wheel,' coach.
You guys aren't from Flint are you ?
Might I recommend a melange of seasonal berries?
Quick, call the CDC! I accidentally ate an infected mosquito, and got the West Nile Virus!
We've got money on this. I say Revenant. He says Winter's Tale.
Thus endeth the lesson.
I told you to use Waze!
They said this river was bearly passable.
I knew we should have taken that left turn at Albuquerque
Quick Salm, tell him fish are gristly...no, no, I got it, tell him fish make a grisly meal, that'll do it!
I brought my buddies like I said I would, so I get a free pass, right?
This isn't what I had in mind when I mentioned visiting Big Bear earlier.
Quick. Backstroke with all you've got.
So, have we totally ruled out swimming downstream?
I used to think 'Work smarter, not harder,' was just a dumb cliche.
Yeah we're swingers, how did you know?
So, that's how the 1% live.
Oh, hello...
wanna play!
Netflix and chill, I said, but you wanted an adventure.
are we almost there?
Right on schedule!
Ok so when they shouted 'Bear up!' it was not a pep talk, Larry.
Next year, we are flying
Have you decided who you're supporting in the primary?
Hey Buddy, Think outside the box!
I'm beginning to think this spawning thing is overrated.
I hope he isn't the bear from 'The Revenant.'
No matter what, don't run.
Hello fish. I'm ready to eat!
We're going to have to build a wall.
I'm really not interested in a three-way. Sorry.
Hey fathead, do I look like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Aw shut your big yap.
That's just not fair! Bet there's no afterlife either.
Remind me -exactly why did we think swimming upstream was a good idea?
Give use a break, we're trying to spawn!
Our lives have become so cliché.
He says he's like 'Uber for fish.'
The other guy is Algy
Hi, I'm Salmon and this is Ella.
We share 83% of our DNA!
Red rover, red rover we dare you come over.
Wait, wait...my big brother is coming.
I think it's only fair to warn you that I've been genetically modified.
Jumping is good for the waistline!
Have you ever made love on a bear rug in front of a fire?
Don't spoil your appetite before the really big fish come along
Can we talk? You know? Just guy to guy.
I forgot our pass word
Excuse me...but do you have a moment to speak about our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ?
What part of 'in the woods' did you not understand?
He's just a teddy bear
Don't worry. He's vegan.
Catch and release?
I told you not to take this short cut!!
Oh No, ........hi there mr.bear ..... your fine right there, me and my friend will get outta your way .........ASAP
Every year, the same goddamn ending.
So you found this spot on TripAdvisor too?
Thank God, a vegan!
Now I know why Mom always said to go WITH the flow.
Can I at least spawn first.
Please tell me that was global warming I just felt.
Remember, if he catches you, just play dead.
Would it make any difference if I told you I was only farmed?
Hey... you're not Bear Grylls!
I'm not fat I'm just big boned
Trout is soooo 2015
Guess who's coming for dinner.
So that's what 'bear left at waterfall' meant.
Hey, Bub, this is a one-way stream.
I'll grant you three wishes, if you eat him first.
I'm telling you, Bob, 3-D movies are the worst.
It's tough getting those eggs placed
We have the right to bear arms!
The Republicans say we can't take any more.
The fish yells back to the others, 'Bear to the left'
Trust us, the fish down there are bigger!
Upstream without a paddle. I'm not too sure a paddle would help!
I'm farm raised.
I hope he's one of those vegan bears we've been hearing about.
Before you decide, I wanted to let you know that I thought you were terrific in The Revenant
So what was Leonardo really like to work with?
... And sometimes the bear, well, he eats *you*.
It's looking like a bear market this year.
Excuse me, are you gluten free?
Move over big boy, we're hot to spawn.
Actually, the jury's still out on Omega 3's.
I hope he doesn't like sushi!
I don't care what the gps says!!
Is it too late to un-spawn?
It just doesn't make sense, why would Avery commit a murder after finally getting released from jail?
We're working on our upstream speeds.
Trick you? Where do you think you get S-a-l-m-on-e-l-l-a from?
Honey, I told you to ask for directions. I knew we were swimming up the wrong stream.
But noooo, you wanted to use GPS
The diners around here are un-bear-able.
Not without a bagel, cream cheese, capers, sliced onion and chopped egg.
Watch out for salmonella poisoning.
Of course being a vegetarian is healthier.
I'm mad at you! You ate my mother
Pretty good, and you?
Would it change things if we told you we're from Flint?
Something tells me that my 5,000 eggs are NOT going to make it to market...
Shoot, I can't remember if I'm supposed to make myself appear larger or play dead!
Say hello to my little friend...................
Don't worry! We don't bite.
Maybe we should think about not having kids.
Not to worry. Mr. Putin here is a huge fan of mine. The hugest.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times......
If you let me go you can have my first born.
Really!?
Ah, Rita. I see you have solved one of the great puzzles of life--or as I say, the key to the lox.
Relax, it's only a drill.
I hate leap year.
Whoa -- my survival instinct has suddenly withered my urge to procreate.
I'm Fishy. This is Wishy. Your turn-make a rhyme!
You go for the eyes! I'll go for backup!
Not tonight honey I'm going to have a headache.
Oh dear, it's him again.
I've got a headache. Let's go down home now.
Not to worry - I'm a vegetarian.
Are you vegan?
Persistence and harmony is always the best option.
The directions did say bear left at the last rapid
I always assumed it was a rhetorical question.
My friend is filled with honey.
Pleased to eat you.
You could have at least waited downstream.
We're farm-raised! It's like eating rubber bands!
I knew that 'Safe Spawn' email was a scam.
I told you we should have practiced safe sex!
Bears included in Bernie Sanders' 'free stuff' policies.
Given your history, did you think I wouldn't be here?
Just a few more obstacles, bear's belly or Joes's deli.
I am not falling for your trap, it's fishy.
I told you, 'you can't go home again.
I am here learning how to swim, guys. Trust me!
May I remind you of the dangers of salmonella?
Enjoy the synchronized swimming, and please don't eat the fish.
Haven't you heard that mercury level in salmon is at a dangerously high level?
Don't you guys eat berries too?
Consuming raw or undercooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish, or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
How do you feel about being the only one not nominated for THE REVENENT?
told you we shouldn't have swum upstream!
This seems like a good stopping point.
Quick, bear right!
You don't want to eat me, I'm a GMO salmon
I don't suppose you're vegan...
Sometimes I feel like I'm not living up to my full potential
Aren't you a honey eating vegan?
Hey Tim? I thought you said they hibernate next month.
Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird!
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
Call me biased, but I recommend omega-3 supplements.
i know the way to a salmon farm
Are you the uber driver?
if there's not a tuna right behind me, then i'm not a talking fish.
They're serious about their borders up here!
I told you we should have come in the off-season!
If you don't let us spawn, what'll you eat next year?
Trump is taking this too far!
I'm a tasteless escapee from a GMO farm.
Recalculating route...recalculating route...
You don't want us skinny fish, we're all bone, no meat.
Like shooting fish in a barrel
By the way, I heard vegetarians get so much extra respect in this area.
Where's the reverse button?
Its only catch and release, don't worry.
Yes, I'm positive the studies proved vegan alternatives to fish oil are a much healthier option.
You play good fish and I'll play bad fish.
How's the water?
The things we do for sex!
I never understood why you swim upstream.
Worst. Spawning. Ever.
Ok, ok! Mother may I?
Same old, same old.
How did you know you'd find me here?
I thought it was spawn, then die.
The evidence we'll increase your good cholesterol is highly anecdotal.
What do you say we spawn next year?
Ever feel like you're just the protagonist in an allegory of common sense gun legislation?
Where's some nut with a gun when you need them?
I have a feeling our stocks are declining!
Bear market upstream?
Don't worry. I hear lethal bear attacks are very rare.
Think of your Karma--We're an endangered species'
Don't even think this means you can spawn with my wife.
Bear with us.
Can we not do this?
Pisces in conjuncture with Ursa Major, The Big Dipper
Two words: mercury poisoning.
Which way to the pool?
Fish are food, not friends.
Step into my office said the spider to the fly
I told you Junior, look before you leap!
Wasn't 2016 was supposed to be a bull year?
I'm not a piece of meat for you to look at.
Of course, the one time we decide to go against the flow...
No fair, he's spawn camping.
Same sh*t, different day.
All day breakfast menu; it's about damn time.
Why didn't I just go with the flow?
I should've become a monkfish.
And you call this hunting?
It's not always good to finish first.
He hasn't bothered us since he started taking the gel caps.
I could swear that the sign below read,'Spawning Grounds Ahead - Bear Left'
Pssst.... There's free porridge at Goldlilock's joint.
Right now I am a little sorry we told those piranhas to stay back in the ocean.
Full disclosure: we're from Flint.
Will you take n IOU?
I'm a secret shopper.
I'm filled with irksome little bones
Who is that hot looking bear behind you?
I suggest we just grin and bear it.
Why don't we do it in the road?
Bad news, bears!
Chef recommends the sturgeon in a honey and berry reduction.
Holy crap! When you said 'bear left', I thought you were giving me directions.
So, you say you're friends with Smokey!
I swear. Farm-raised taste better.
Would you like to see our passports?
Well, at least we got our 10,000 steps.
I thought home was were the HEART is.
...'Risky Stock'...'Bear Market'...I shoulda listened
Excuse me, but would you have a few moments to talk about our Lord and Savior, Nemo?
Why don't we take the Ubear?
Don't get any ideas,we're toxic
I see what you mean about sex being overrated.
You have to let me pass. I'm a legacy.
Yes, hurry! McDonald's! Half-price fishburgers!
Of course I know this won't end well. But he doesn't know that.
Any chance you might be vegan?
Next year we spawn down river
Buddha?
Hard To Say
Uh - just FYI -- I have rabies.
You know, Lousie, it's so odd! Those tasty little flies just hover over the top of the water, practically BEGGING me to eat them.
Hey Bill, what kind of life is it when your instinct ensures a premature death?
Spawn left...spawn left...you can't ever stop and ask!
This is why I drink.
Discovery Channel trolls are close behind. Just sayin'.
you look a lot different in your profile picture...
Hey, I'm on the endangered species list!
Three blind mice! I love it but we'll have to change it to three blind fish... HEY! Where's the the third?! I'M BEING CHEATED!
Wait! I have a meeting with DreamWorks this Thursday. You are perfect. You can be a star!
Spawening aint what it usta be
Oh Great'...and my financial advisor was just warning me of an upcoming Bear market!
You should order grilled salmon, instead.
fresh, never frozen and packaged in China
Serpentine!
All I have to do is out swim you.
There's a poem here somewhere.
Vegetarian? That's awesome!
Just don't make eye contact!
Romance is fleeting.
Please tell me you are a vegan
Hey, Mr. Hollywood - how about giving up Leo's home number?
I've got unhealthy levels of mercury, just FYI.
Vegan bears live longer. It's a known fact!
Can't you help a little before you eat me.
Oscars, here I come!
May I remind you of how healthy a vegan diet is.
I got you now! Keep on jumping!
Look into my eyes
I'm still spawning. I'll be ready in a minute.
OK, yeah, so I blinked first. One more, this is paper, this is rock...
Quick, head up stream! I'll distract him with my version of 'Spawny River!'
I think I'll have the salmon
I hope that's a Care Bear
But I'm a helpless virgin!
Don't move: I think he spotted us!
Don't eat us! We've been farm raised.
Hey buddy, it's a one-way stream!
Would you be so kind to help us find a safe spot to rest for a moment?
Nyah, nyah.
Well, what are the chances he's a vegan?
I think we may be betting close to Wall Street.
Did you know 9 out of 10 doctors recommend fish every other day?
How about downstream—is downstream good for you?
Cough! Caught! Sorry, I swallowed a lot of mercury this week.
Getting your feet wet, big boy?
He leads us beside still waters
You and your directions.
Ok, now I get it. BEAR LEFT, at the next falls.
The mercury-free salmon are a minute behind us.
Can I give you a lift?
You were right Frank, we should have ignored that 'bear left' sign back there.
Outta the way, Yogi. We're on a mission here.
So this is what you meant when you said it could be a bear market?
Come on Teddy! Take your best shot! Nah..nahna...nah...NAH!
Ma said upstream is safer.
These Megyn Kelly interviews are so unfair.
As if swimming upstream weren't enough.
Bears are vegan, right?
Sometimes I really hate my instincts.
... the vegan lifestyle also results in lower cholesterol levels and fewer heart attacks
Just a bit higher, please!
Be advised that we swam up the Flint River to get here.
You're both lucky that I just came from having my manicure....
A case for doing the bear minimum.
There may be some lingering resentment.
Can you give us a push?
Eat him - I was farm-raised.
Honey, do we have to have kids?
Why not join us and make it a three way.
Can you get me tickets to Hamilton?
Bears, the most interesting creatures. After hibernation a bear goes in a river while fish jump in their mouth, and go back to sleep for half a year.
We should have taken the elevator!
I told you we should go with the flow.
I told you sustainability would be a challenge.
Figure 1. Salmon swimming upstream and a bear.
I think we're in for an uphill battle
I'm one fish. He is two fish. Did you happen to see our friends red fish or blue fish?
He's a youth pastor now. Asked ME about my personal relationship with Jesus. When I dated him, he was the white guy with dreads who liked to try on my dresses.
Just make sure you bear left .
I told you I heard an Attenborough narration!
Come on up. Let's get this party started!
Aren't we a little bit too evolved for such animalistic behavior?
Maybe next time you will stop and ask for directions
You couldn't just stop and ask for directions, could you?
Would you mind moving a little to your right?
Ted. Marco. I've been waiting for you.
Cut me some slack. I have a hot date with the Mrs.
Don't worry. It's Washington. He looks stoned.
Whoa, bro--you really can never go home again. I thought it was, like, a metaphor.
Would you like wasabi with your kamikaze?
In Greek, Omega 3 Sisyphus.
The guy to my right is gluten free.
Be careful. I'm a sockeye ... and today I'm 10-0.
Oh No! It's a dead end!
Did you hear the news? Sheila's having milletuplets.
Hey, remember in the The Revenant when Leo....'. 'Not now, Steve!
The smaller salmon is beseeching the bear to consider her rather than just her bigger brother. Caption = 'Look at me too!!!'
So much for the Bear Falls short cut.
Rice and vegetables as a side?
Oh, shoot! I forgot this was Friday!
Think twice! I may have GMO's.
On second thought, I wouldn't mind a quiet, childless life someplace downstream.
I never knew it would be like this!
We will soon find out who swims faster.
Jeepers . . . like this isn't hard enough already.
we're here to caucus, where is the elephant and the donkey?
Maybe being farm-raised wasn't that bad after all.
Are you seriously considering helping the humans extinct our kind?
I forgot to check the itinerary. Do we get the bear today, or does the bear get us?
Aren't you the guy from 'The Revenant'?
Allegorically speaking, is this what the spawning committee referred to as a bump in the road?
You won't....
Behind you—Kodiak!
That's the last time I take directions from a saltwater fish!
You stand out here like a fish out of water!
They say farm raised is better for you.
Sam, does she LOOK like a baby momma to you?
You may want to reconsider...We're owned by the 1%
Spawning sucks!
Do you think he calls it fishing or bearing?
As I said a week ago, dear .... spawning is spawning wherever you do it!
Do you have a fishing permit?
Heh man, give me a break. Let me spawn first.
Now would be a good time to create the diversion we spoke about
You wanted to take the scenic route
In the current events...
Does shorter hibernation mean he's less hungry when he gets up?
What are you looking at, you big hair ball!
Hey Edgar, I don't know if we're gonna get lucky tonight.
Oops. That's the last time I share my location on Facebook.
I told you we should have flown! This traffic is un-bearable!
I told you we should have flown, George.
Didn't we meet last fall ?
Gimme a break, I'm about to get lucky.
We're getting hungry. Can you recommend a good spot on the river where we can grab a bite to eat?
I'm also a big supporter of the anti-fur movement.
Are we doing this for our survival or his?
Wait...I'm pro-life!
We know the way, thank you very much.
What are you looking at!?
Marty...are you sure upstream is the right call?
Get lost, Bozo - we're on a spawning run
You flirt with him and I'll go for his testicles.
We should really start swimming downstream.
Would you consider mediation?
Eat him - my mercury levels are off the charts.
I thought this trip would be unbearable!
Some of my best friends are bears.
Let's get wild you said. Ha! I told you life was better down on the farm.
Once I spawn, you can have me for dessert.
'Just keep swimming' is such bearshit.
We're on our honeymoon. You?
Hey, you're in the wrong zip code, bud.
I think we're going to be okay--I don't see any schmear.
Full disclosure: we've just relocated from the Flint River.
I think I just spawned in my pants
Existentially, it's the Bear or DiCaprio!
Survival of the fittest is a clear representation of a bear having to risk his life to eat and the fish trying to escape,its the circle of life.
Told you the bull market was over.
Here come the Flint fish again.
Uh oh, looks like dead fish also swim against the flow
So, tell me again why we swim up stream?
God, I hate Alaska.
Why don't we get a hotel room downstream?
Damned GPS!
Oh what a terrific opportunity to escape my honeymoon!
Tripadvisor said you'd be hibernating!
You do know that farm raised is higher in omega 3 & better for your health
Ah, here is the take out section.....
Isn't this considered hazing?
Well hello, you're just in time for dinner.
Our only hope is that he's a committed vegan!
For the last time Carl, YES that's your good side & NO, you don't look fat!
Aha, spring!
You stand at the edge of Life's Waterfall with a choice dear Bear, to rise above your animal nature, become One with the Way of the Salmon, and join us in Peace as we make the ancient Journey Home. Or have sushi.
Sometimes it nice to be the other fish
This commute is gonna be the death of me.
Why do you keep calling me Hillary?
Bear with us. We're going to have to change course.
This part of the stream is the toughest Earl, so bear with me.
Steve over there is gluten free.
None this week just wanted to register.
Teddy*, don't you think it's about time you went vegan? *ref. to Theodore Roosevelt & the Teddy story
You're not going to like the new surge pricing.
Out of my way Yogi, I'm going to spawn.
Sam, we should have taken the cannon!
It's catch and release!
'You're a liar. Your lair is upstream'.
rush hour here is becoming unbearable
1000 Babies on Board.
Mercury alert!
Wow, look at those bear arms! He shall not be infringed.
Upstream,' you said, 'everybody swims upstream to spawn.
You couldn't have beaten the Panthers or the Colts!
We'd rather drown than go back to the fish farm!
We're spawning here
Tell my wife to book the big room at Riverside Chapel, we have ten thousand children.
'Just a myth, just a myth.' That's the last time I listen to you.
I'm obliged to warn you that consuming raw or undercooked fish may increase your risk of foodborne illness
Welcome to Alaska! You're just in time for dinner.
Wc We can take him. There's only one of him.
Oh, great. Another Trump supporter.
Is this the reckoning to which lust has led us?
This time, my mouth is open. You jump.
I'm not on the the 'ok fish to eat' list
I have a feeling he isn't the head of the welcoming committee.
I told you to follow the GPS, Bob...
You ain't goin no where without your passports.
It's my pleasure to welcome you back.
Well, this is looking pretty grisly.
I don't think I'm bullish on salmon futures anymore.
Can we talk?
First a bear market, now this.
Please bear with us.
I am a shark, I am a shark...
The fat, delicious salmon is right behind me!
Look, pal, if your approach is unwanted, it's harassment.
Give us like ten minutes.
Any parking problems down stream today?
What are the odds he's a vegetarian?
Omega 3 has been over hyped.
Roe...roe...roe...eat us and we're no mo.
Hey Charlie, it looks like this IS our last boys trip.
Same time, next year?
..you Fat, Old Fool!! You think just becaus-.!!
Easy big fella, I'm 100 per cent sustainable.
I'm not that scary, I'm bearable.
We were both farm raised.
The Fur Ceiling
The guy behind me is fatter.
Have you consideed the health benefits of a vegan diet?
We're GMO Salmon - not yet approved for bear consumption!
There's no turning back!
Maybe we're rushing into this spawning thing. Let's slow down and get to know each other.
We can run, but we can't hide anymore.
Oh, oh-- I think our stock is going down.
Ever heard of a Mexican standoff?
I told you we should have gone with the flow.
Dinner AND a show!
Thanks, our bags are coming on the next tide.
His omegas are through the roof!
Just warning you, this water comes from Flint
It Really Ticks Me Off When You Call Me Your Heart-Smart Omega Three Oil Delivery System!
Perhaps one of these days we should consider taking the river less traveled.
It's either now or later at a grill in Anchorage.
Wow, this is even better than a drive thru!
Apparently, what goes up doesn't necessarily come down!
Eat Marty! He's sustainable!
Good day sir. May I share with you the health benefits of the vegetarian Buddhist faith?
Wanna play opossum?
I told you it was a bad idea to take the Bear Mountain Bridge.
If you can wait another week I'll get bigger.
Are any of you a vegan option?
We taste better after we've spawned.
Quick. Get the honey jar. He's back.
Wow--I though mama grizzlies were just a Palin thing.
Not to worry, I hear he's gone Vegan!
It all depends on which side of the genetically-engineered fence you stand on.
My broker warned me about this.
On second thought, let’s wait until we’re married.
Mr. Grizzly Sir: You wandered into the wrong cartoon. You're supposed to be one of the cop's questioning that shark in a previous caption contest.
I don't think he is here to help.
You go right, I'll come down the middle, and let's hope his mommy's not at the top.
Yeah, you may enjoy the food, but you'll prefer the ambience in the woods.
You sure you're not artificially dyed?
Fine, again with the 'No, after you ...'.
Aren't you supposed to be watching out for forest fires?
So much for safe sex.
I told you abstinence is the best policy.
When they said to bring the 'Bear Necessities' for Spawn Break 2016, I should have inquired further.
Life is like a box of chocolates. Sometimes you are the chocolate.
Ok just remember, my wife has silvery scales and is about 2 feet long.
Mildred, go with the flow not the roe!
Eeyore would get a big kick out of this.
Why did I listen to you when you suggested we go spawn?
Look into my eyes. Look into my eyes. You're getting sleeeepy.....
Nah, Nah, Nah! Arsenic! Mercury! PCBs!
Frankly, I'd be no damn good at that.
I say this year we just go with the flow.
Ha ha! No bubble bath for the stinky face!
I don't think we're going to end up on a middle-class table after all, Gus.
Lox stalked? Et tu Smokey Bear?
After you, my dear.
Still here, like you were last year ya big bully.
I came from a can.
Well you want to know what ELSE is an occupational hazard? Choking.
Excuse me... I heard that flattery will get you anywhere these days? My wife thinks you're a really handsome bear.
Come on, I dare you to be the little fish that could.
Trust me—that high protein diet is making you fat.
I have the unbearable feeling that I'm a fish out of water.
That trapper that killed your brother Lenny, just got nominated for an oscar. Your brother Lenny sleeps with the fishes, compliments of that trapper that just got nominated for an oscar.
No doubt, we had a good run, brother.
*cough* *cough* I think I've got salmonella!
Endangered species, my eye.
Well, my father is stronger than your father.
Are you really sure that I'm not filled with mercury?
Hi there, can you point us in the direction of our ancestral spawning grounds?
'WHAT! YOU HERE AGAIN? John Curliano, Alameda, CA
Catch me going downstream, OK?
Hey son, I think your old enough now. Why don't you take the lead on this one.
Unreal, bear-blocked yet again.
Please be a vegan, please be a vegan ...
You'll need a tie and a dinner jacket.
Hey man, no spawn-killing!
Can you leave us alone? We're just trying to bear our children.
Uh, hello? Ever hear of the bro-code?
Forget about it, I'm farm fed.
There needs to be an app that will deliver me fish upstream
Target is within sight - deploy operation, 'One Fish, Two Fish.'
I thought this was a bull market.
So, we hatched just around the next bend. Where you from?
I told you we should have ignored that NO U-TURN sign!
'We're farm raised...not wild'
Back off, we're from Flint.
Do you mind? I'm in the middle of begetting, for God's sa--
Larry, I think we made a left turn in Albuquerque.
Vladamir, can we discuss the rivers politics and explore detente?
Couldn't we have done this at the bottom?
You grab his legs while I hold his mouth shut. If that fails, let's just bop him on the nose.
I knew we should've taken that left at Albuquerque.
Hey fat boy...come just a little bit closer
You're really putting a damper on my sex life...
Yep, didn't even get nominated!
Can we just do something mainstream for once, Phil?
It'll be OK. I've seen this guy before - he can't catch.
Just stand there for now, the big ones are just behind me.
Low on mercury and cesium-137? Bite me!
Relax we're safe, he doesn't have a fishing pole.
Yes, I realize it is also a figure of speech, but I have very literally been swimming up stream my whole life!
Do you know about food groups other than fat and protein?
Come to Mommy, little one.
Mama told me not to come!
You fellas aren't from Flint, Michigan, are you?
Run. There's a guy down there with a shotgun.
''.....you're so predictable I knew you'd come back .....''
As a confidence builder, you fall short.
That's right come to mama!
I should have bought vacation insurance.
Our fate is unbearable!
This is what we get for following our instincts?
Leave the farm, we'll get together, have a few laughs....
Bigger fish are right behind us.
Any chance you're 'lack toes' intolerant?
Let's hope he doesn't like Sushi!
Miguel, told you there would be less risk at the Rio Grande!
Your feet are getting wrinkly.
Hey Frank, I know spawning isn't technically asexual, but is external fertilization followed by almost certain death really worth all this trouble?
''The Revenant'' auditions are tomorrow!
Whoa! You're not hibernating. Climate change is real.
I don't remember anyone mentioning anything about this in school,do you?
Let's hope he prefers his salmon GMO free...
Not today honey, I just suddenly got a headache
This wasn't on the intinerary.
Don't eat me, I am from Flint Michigan.
Look! Honey!!!
Your eyes look a little jaundiced, could be mercury poisoning.
We are both pre-eminent in our field. I suggest that we talk about this like rational rational beasts.
Wait for the next group - we're gluten free.
Check it out Sal, The Revenant is already streaming live on Netflix.
That's an old pick-up line-- he had dinner with our mother.
He is higher in omega-3s.
I thought he went over the mountain!
After you, sir.
Yah, I keep having that dream too - the one where I'm naked in an airport, late for my plane, and struggling up a down escalator that's clogged with big brown bags.
A few good spawns and then you die!
Good luck getting me to move a little to the left.
When you a see a bear in the river, you only have to swim a bit slower.
I'll go left and you go right.'
Biggest salmon ever! Right behind me.
Who agreed to this debate format?
Fishing L-I-C-E-N-C-E!
Don't kill me, I have a hot date.
A salmon's quagmire.
..and we see it as a 'challenge', but your eyes say it's a moot point anyway..
My life cycle just flashed before my eyes....
And this is what I call 'Trickle UP Economics!'
Last time I'll ever pass on the left.
Would the fact that I'm an endangered species mean anything to you?
We were told there's great sushi around here...
This is where it starts to get hairy.
I better win an Oscar for this.
Better not Yogi, I just came from Flint.
I'm not certified mercury-free!
Did you know that mercury in salmon can lead to erectile dysfunction?
Houston, we have a problem.
Hey, pal, where's a good place to eat around here?
We're farm raised. If you're looking for wild salmon, try the next waterfall over
We have to keep going for the children.
Hi, I'm Sal . . .
I'm really high in mercury you know.
Did you just brush your teeth, or are you just happy to see me?
Get out of the way!
I guess the Bull Market really is over!
You don't need our identification; we aren't the salmon you are looking for
Give us five minutes then we're all yours.
Trust us. The ones swimming in the other direction taste so much better.
Hurry up or you'll be late for dinner
Life was easier back on the farm
Suddenly Patrick realized that maybe he would have been just as comfortable spawning at home. As if by instinct, he blamed his parents.
You better be careful, Mister. I heard there were bear traps up this way.
Your chances are high this year! I heard the Academy is trying to diversify.
I'll name one after you.
Told you we should've gotten off at the last exit!
See for yourself that afterlife does exist!
You accepted his invitation to dinner!?
Life never turns out the way you plan it.
Do you think there is any way we can speed up his extinction process?
''The slow fat ones are behind us.''
I've heard he only eats 'Wild Caught'; let's tell him we escaped from the fish farm.
In that getup, you're not going to have much luck spawning.
I told you it was a 'bear market'
Can't you see that you're hopelessly outnumbered?
I guess this is what you call a jump to conclusion.
Walnuts and acacia berries have way more Omega-3 and no scales.
you have bigger fish to fry
I told you it was the next exit!
I just lost my sex drive
When do they get full?
Mind if I do one thing first?
Spawning can be a real bear.
You down with GMO?
Wingman—create a diversion!
Another Kodiak moment!
On second thought, I don't mind if you have a roommate.
Oh great, looks like we're stopping for lunch.
'I'm regretting seeing Star Wars over The Reverent'
Watch this—here’s where my genetically spliced pufferfish DNA comes in handy.
Don't you have something to do in the woods?
So how're the kids?
I told you we should have stopped to ask for directions.
Whose idea was it to break out of the salmon farm?
Are you stupid or what? The Atlantic Ocean is a 1,000 miles that-a way!
Your mother wants you!
Looks like I’ll die a virgin.
Barbara immediately regretted not forcing Bob to look up the directions beforehand.
Didn't we meet in a 'Stop the Bear Hunt' protest?
Did't you hear the critics say leave room for the main course?
Wouldn't you rather eat me on a bagel with a shmear?
Oops,I think we're up #*##**!! creek.
You don't want us. There are plenty of other fish out in the sea.
Oh, you meant BEAR left...
But if you let me through, you can eat my offspring for years to come.
Sir, sorry the shark swallowed our passports!
Into the valley of death swam the 600.
Okay Sal, I think I misunderstood when you said take a right and we'd hit the Bering Sea.
Mommy! Mommy! We found you at last!
When Bernie is elected, your kind are history.
Oh, real original!
I'm dangerously full of mercury.
I thought we voted for a Democrat!
So you weren't giving directions when you said, 'Bear left?'
Who says 'There ain't no such thing as a free lunch' ?
Mainstream is just too, mainstream.
Which one of you is not genetically modified?
I wish they'd never torn down that dam.
Come on. Give us a little kiss.
SIRI! RECALCULATE!
Much bigger and better tasting fish will be here in just a minute.
'What's the matter Big Fella,got cold feet?!!
Planned Parenthood didn't tell us about this!
Come on in. The water's great!
Looks like bears spawn early.
'Hey big fella, what is that big scary thing behind you'?
Keep in mind we're loaded with mercury
I knew we took a wrong turn back there.
Watch your mercury levels.
I wish I was farm-raised.
Fishing for bear!
Do you ever get the feeling that your natural instincts aren't that great?
'Skip the fish ladder and take the waterfall,' she says; 'it'll be good for your heart,' she says.
You never realize how much you hate the people in your home town until you come and visit after moving away.
Ever get the impression that this whole food-chain thing is a rigged game?
Before you eat me you should know I contain GMO ingredients.
Shhhhhhhhh. Don't move. I heard you're supposed to be still.
Son, one day, you too will have to grin and bear it.
If I spawned with you we'd have a bear with fins.
What don't you understand about one-way streams?
Warning: too much Omega-3 may cause side effects.
I picked the wrong month to go vegan.
I thought you said there was a Cubs game out here.
The original fast food.
No, YOU first!
Party of two?
Bear with me now!
You bear right, I'll go left.
Resistance is futile.
Sorry guys- you JUST missed the last glacier.
I've been real sick this week.
Is it time for my annual review?
And my instincts tell me this is a good idea?
We summered in Flint. Just think about it.
fish lives matter
Our luck is unbearable.
Okay, okay—dams have a devastating impact on the ecosystem. You win. But before this bear eats me, you must admit it's something of a pyrrhic victory.
Ooh, gather some wild mushrooms first . Salmon and fungi is all the rage. Mouthwatering. I'll wait right here.
Are you the bearbnb rep?
You guys mercury free?
I'm Princess Salmonella.
Solomon, before we die, I want you to know that I'm pregnant.
''This isn't quite the honeypot I had in mind.''
There is a much larger fish right behind me!
Wild or Farm Raised?
You're messing with the wrong genetically modified fish.
I hear berries are very good this season.
I hate reunions.
But in the horror movies, the virgins always lived?!?
Quick, do the moonwalk!
Swimming upstream builds character. Isn't that what Dad always said.
I told you we should have used Google Maps.
God is a salmon. Take your chances.
What would you rather have: lunch or a talking fish?
Hey Jerry, I bet this guy knows a great place to stop for lunch.
I'm tainted with mercury.
You're building a what? And you want us to pay for it?
There he is, every year, returning to the same damn stream.
Sam, for seven years I've been telling you to ask for directions. NOW is when you listen?
Can't you read, the sign says 'No Fishing'
Hey,didn't we just see you in a movie?
Here fishy fishy
I am a good speller, I am...B-E-A-R, F-I-S-H---- Buh Bye
On the other hand, you could be losing out on a mitzvah.
Sometime it isn't worth the effort
'Have you tried Fresh Direct?
We're not the droids, er, salmon you're looking for
Excuse me mr. bear, can I get a do over?
Pescatarian?
You look different on Tinder.
forget berries, fast food is the best food
If they wanted to scare us, they should've put up something less artificial.
After you. No, after you. No, after you. No, after you...
Now, this wasn't in the brochure, was it?
You'll be my bacon to my eggs if you don't move!
You know that I had toxic algae for breakfast!
Something smells fishy!
In hindsight it DOES make more sense to go the same way as the stream.
Netflix and chill??
Alright, wise guy, what did you do with the eggs?
Don't take the ladder, you said. It's too slow.
Could you catch me on the way down instead?
' '… and miles to go before i sleep,' ' maybe he was wrong.
Spawning is overrated! let's turn back.
Careful, now, this fella may be Russian.
OK Alice, just aim for that big brown rock
I'm obligated to inform you that I'm genetically modified.
Just play dead
Move it, fatso!
Is Siri still recalculating?
Any bear can do it with their eyes open.
Oh, that's what they meant by 'at the waterfall, bear left'!
May I recommend the chicken?
You think he cares you are a GMO?
I told you George, we should have taken the elevator!
I hope your feet are clean. You know we have to swim in this river.
I love optimists
Is this what they mean by 'grin and bear it?'
Looks like you're getting 'fish belly'. Just sayin'.
Soooooo bored with the same old thing everyday....
Damn right I came back. You killed my mom!
Are U-turns permitted on this route, Sir?
Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
You're welcome to borrow my fish ladder, guys.
Is this hell or high water?.
Uh oh. GPS steered me wrong again.
'Go first', she said...'You're a leader.'she said
I don't care if he can pay, he's a bear. He wants the omakase, give it to him.
Marge, I understand foreplay but this is ridiculous!
FYI, I am genetically modified
Don't worry, it's a catch and release zone.
Bear: 'Would you prefer me to use a priest' Fish: ' Splendid, yes, do pop off call one - there's a good chap'
It's the stock market dream again, Joyce!
A wily, classically trained salmon demonstrates how to think-on-your-fins: 'Don't even dream about it, Bruno, I'm so toxic with mercury my buddy here calls me Hermes!'
I told you we should have taken a left at Pismo beach.
Thanks. But I've already eaten.
Don't you know a lot of people have worked hard for us to spawn in our natural environment, not for you to eat us.
My mother warned me about guys like you.
Sigh... The one day you didn't have a headache...
My, what sharp teeth you have!'
Don't even think about it. I am farm raised.
But Siri, I asked for the directions to the mouth of Bear Creek!
Your not going to creek block a brother.
Don't be afraid. I can take you to a better place.
I hope Leonardo remembers to thank you come Oscar night.
If I told you we were farm raised, would you let us through?
Now's a good time to learn reverse, Sammy.
Hey man, don't eat us, we are from Flint Michigan
Don't bother, we're plastic.
The tastier salmon are behind us.
Pescatarian? Just checking.
Business or Pleasure? Is there an option for Species Migratory Instinct?
I am the way; none shall enter fish heaven except through me.
Trump's taking this idea of immigration barriers a little too far.
That guy called you a 'stinky-face'!
Would you mind moving over, sir?
We're looking for a sushi joint. Do you know it?
I better get the Oscar for this.
Being a spawn in the game of life sure affords you a grizzly fate.
He's been binge streaming all day.
Darling, I told you we should have gone to Hawaii this year.
That photo op has been done!
At the fork, we should have taken the river less traveled.
I'll eat the one on the right even though it's missing the comb over.
I'll eat the one on the port but not the one on the starboard, with a little bit of ketchup.
Come on! You got to jump in all at once!!
When the American economy finally realizes it's on the wrong path.
I told you we should've stopped for directions
Is there a shortcut to Ketchikan?
You cant't eat me. I'm an endangered species.
Oh, no - he's been reading The Law of Attraction!
Don't worry. There's plenty of research showing we're inedible.
This could be the last time I use Google Maps.
This is easier than waiting in line at Whole Foods.
funny, you don't look like your profile picture
You have to miss! NOVA is filming.
I'm gonna put a move on your hairy butt you won't believe.
Two words for you big guy, 'Green Juice'.
I've got a headache anyway
I need a closure; Did you kill my parents?
'I think my desire to spawn is stronger than your desire to consume.'
If you are risking too much for something, then you are probably looking in the wrong direction!
'Bite me, fatso!'
Damn you, Alanis.
I'm loaded with mercury in case you were wondering.
Come on...just a few more steps...come on...come on....
I just figured out why I hated 'The Revenant'.
I think I am just going to hold off a bit and wait for the market to change.
Can't wait to take this last leap and be home. Did you make the bed?
You look somewhat fishy.
Love at first bite.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Not to worry. I just ate every picnic basket that's in Jellystone Park. And the ranger.
Honest, we're farm bred.
No, I'm NOT Salman Rushdie.
I don't need no stinking license.
'Hey hey hey... I'm an endangered species!!
We're going upriver. Where you goin'?
Promise us, you will acknowledge our sacrifice for your Oscar winning role in Revenant
I might as well tell you now that I slept with your wife.
Are you Bigfoot or Southpaw?
We are Farm-Raised Mr.Bear, You can't have us Wild-Caught!
I'm bushed. Just open your mouth and let's call it a day.
If it has to be, I'm glad it's you.
Google maps didn't show any bears.
Let me do the talking.
If organic is what you want, I have some bad news for you, pal.
What the hell is that?
Yeah, we worked with Leo in Titanic.
So we meet again, Darlene.
My brother is small, but very tasty.
You're not going to pat us down without rubber gloves, are you?
C'mon, we are fighting upstream and you are bear-ly even trying.
At least prowl on the riverbank so it's more challenging.
We reserved a cozy cranny for a cohoes quickie.
Politics in the wild: 'Don't be so grizzly. Swimming upstream ain't so easy either dude.'
We're safe, he ate the JohnWest man.
I had a friend who ate something shiny and ended up with a hook through his cheek. Just sayin'.
Hi guys, wanna do lunch?
Are you our Mommy?
This is the last time we take the scenic route Marge.
I should've listened to Waze and taken the long route.
Here's lookin' at you, kid.
This would be one of the days when being farm-raised doesn't sound like such a bad idea anymore.
What...you're Omega-3 intolerant?
I'm looking for Glass
I'm going to spawn downstream this year.
Would it kill you to ask this guy for directions?
I thought that on your Twitter feed you said you became a vegan.
Whoa, you want the natural, wild salmon in the other stream.
He says he's responding to our Uber request.
Love this new breakfast all day option.
Apparently I misunderstood when the directions said 'Bear right at falls.'
The really big ones are behind us.
Come here little fishies. Come to Mama Grizzly!
--Polo!
Now they're saying fish oil might even be BAD for you.
You know,if we were free range this wouldn't happen
I'm starting to think travel is overrated.'
'Bad timing'. 'Good timing'.
The bears can smell their migration
If I had known ahead of time, I would have taken the 1 stroke penalty.
It's a long story.
Are you the Uber guy?
When Hairy met Sally.
I'm required by the Bear Preservation Society to warn you that my mercury content is 32.78 percent.
you've gotta ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?
At $15.00 a pound, they get for us in the markets; You'd think these Humans would outlaw fishing Bears?
I thought you said you got these directions from your smart phone...
If you're not vegan, I'm GMO'd.
Roe, roe, roe your b. . . uh oh!
Well, damn. Looks like we picked the wrong day to spawn.
Watch it, I mated with a fish from Brazil.
I told you it would pay off...
I told you we were going the wrong way.
I'm mercurial.
Despite looking nothing like her online profile pictures - they both knew there was no turning back.
I really taste best grilled.
Thank God this is a nature reserve!
Thanks, but we won't be staying for dinner.
I'm getting a terrible sense of deja vu here, honey.
Did you sign the trip interruption policy?
I think we're bearly going to make it
FYI: My fat big brother is right behind me.
I'm really getting sick of this commute.
The other one is gluten free!
I just came from there. There's No Vacancy.
Make yourself look tall and wave your fins.
Sam and Janet, evening; they see a strange bear and cross a crowded floom.
Do you fellows know where a guy can find a bagel around here?
Please, by all means, you go first
I've suddenly lost the urge to spawn.
I thought this was supposed to be safe sex.
Hey, isn't that the guy who beat DiCaprio for the Oscar?
We're just Oscar bait!
I told you this was a dead end.
Hey pal, outta my wa–
So much for up the lazy river.
Haven't you heard? Omega 3 is actually bad for you!
This is not what I expected when they said, 'bear females upstream.'
Maybe he's a vegan?
Another bear market
Quick...someone is at your house eating your porridge right now!!
I think our teacher warned us about this in Spawn-Ed.
High mercury...heard about mercury??
Did you ever hear the story about not having to be faster than the bear, just faster than the fish next to you?
DiCaprio is polling at 58%
'Let's swim upstream for a change,' you said. 'It'll be fun,' you said!
I'm really tired of history repeating itself!
did you ever consider vegetarianism?bye world!
I take it back. A gravel bed would be lovely.
And here I thought the journey upstream was unbearable.
Please don't eat us, Mr. Bear. Our brothers are coming and they're much bigger than us.
I thought the sign said 'Ship Creek'!
Sorry, chunky, 'survival of the fittest' means you have to hit the treadmill before you can eat ME!
We're actually farm raised.
Wait! You're supposed to thin the herd by eating the SLOWER fish!
Why don't you use a fishing pole like everybody else?
After you. Your turn to lead.
No, we're farmed. If you want wild, go to Whole Foods.
Waiting for me just to jump into your mouth? Look what welfare has done to this country.
I told you swimming upstream can be a real bear.
Oh no! Are we swimming in Crimean waters and is that 'Vald' the Russian bear?
Why not try the 5:2 diet, starting on a 2?
Honestly, talking fish taste terrible, I speak from experience. I saw some hiker-swimmers back there, vegans but very meaty, kill and eat them instead.
Is this the way to the spawning grounds?
Your u call that work?
allahu ackbar
Uh-oh...We should have called Uber Fish.
That's it! We are never swimming upstream again!
Look into my eyes and breathe. You're feeling very sleepy.
Two's company. It looks like three's probably fatal.
We are NOT coming back Friday!
'Without a paddle' they say, we should be so lucky.
Let me pass and I keep to myself what I saw you do in the woods.
When did this joint get a doorman.
Relax. It's called 'suspended animation'.
I told you we should have upgraded the app to alert for real time trip hazards!
Watch it, Myrtle. It's a bear trap.
Just when I thought that I had it made.
. . . and we've planned a March on Washington, too!
Excuse me! This is the up elevator.
As if swimming upstream wasn't hard enough...
We're being chased by a big ,fat, juicy seal
Don't you think you are getting a little too much Omega-3 in your diet?
Can't we discuss this like a couple of mature adults?
Full disclosure, I definitely ate some microbeads back there.
I have heard that eating salmon is not good for you!
Sorry, but you are not on the VIP list
Oooh. Global warming does have its fringe benefits.
I have herpes.
Your GPS is flawed.
'Come to papa'. That's it, almost there. ' Come to papa'.
I can't bare to see you anymore.
You ever heard of salmon poisoning disease?
Excuse me, Sir, there are bigger ones coming right behind us
Gimme a break - you don't want the mercury.
We're coming to spawn, Bruno. Don't eat the marshmallow. Dig?
I said 'Press Rewind' not 'Fast Forward.'
Ok, not every leap can be ideal.
We would have been better downloading rather than streaming this
I guess this is it Charlie....it's been a real honor swimming with you.
I had my heart set on perch...
Why can't we just find a new place to spawn?
All of a sudden, swimming upstream has lost its appeal. What about you?
Cut! If you can't react any faster, just keep you mouth open the whole time. Ok, places everyone.
hey,where are the nine virgins
I am from Canada, you can go first
Haven't you heard of 'Gently down the stream'?
Hi! My name is Godot
Oh dear! There goes our stock this year.
I'm loaded with bones.
Damn, my mom told me not to take this shortcut.
Just downstream. Three of 'em. Two hundred pounds each, and a cooler.
You had salmon for dinner last night. Don't over due it.
We just loved you in The Revenant.
Did you ever get the feeling that you were a pair of brown shoes in a world full of tuxedos?
So, eat us now--just 2--or let us spawn--and later eat a riverfull...
... and another advantage of going vegan ...
We're matriculating to a better school.
I have to do all the hard work
I think we're gunna need a bigger waterfall.
Can I offer you some caviar instead?
I have mercury poisoning!
Fish oil is overrated!
Remember us? Skinny and Bony. Right behind are Fat and Juicy.
The drone was right, the bears own this stream now!
Hello! Do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, Jesus Christ?
On second thought, let's go with the flow.
Flint - and, yes, we have to.
Backstroke, backstroke!
Punxsutawney Phil wasn't kidding.
And THIS is why I hate Mondays.
Weren't you in The Revenant?
`Did you know that going vegan halves your Co2 footprint?
The slow food movement hasn't caught on in these parts.
You can get three wishes, or one wish and Johnny.
One more step. We dare you!
Let's get away from the farm and have some adventures you said.
When they said the 'Circle of Life,' I always imagined something better.
We just passed a terrific looking sushi place about 10 minutes ago.
Don't pout, we're all bred to be just right.
There's just no hope in fighting the mainstream.
Well, this really bites!
In a bear market we are not smoked yet.
Da Bear
Chill, Mr. Bear. Two bigger fish are comin'.
Bear with me while I ask this animal for directions...
'I just don't understand your obsession with gun-control'.
We can't keep meeting this way!
Oh, oh.... Pretend you're dead.
We have the right of way!
This day just gets worse and worse....
je ne suis pas un poisson.
What? Mauling movie actors isn't enough for you?
Thanks, Gil, for helping me dodge those lions and tigers. Oh My!
Just know we're factory-farmed, GMO, and mercury-tainted.
Sorry, that ladder is a bit short!
You are extremely handsome! That's what you're fishing for, right?
There's a Trump rally down there.
But inequality is so much more important than gun control
Obi wan Kenobi fish. These are not the salmon you are looking for...
New Yorker cartoon, right?
Maybe we should just go with the flow.
I'm on this new diet where I look at my food instead of eating it.
You think this is what Tom Wolfe was alluding to?
Keep swimming, Sheila, and find someone else to love.
I told you it was a bear market, but you didn't believe me!
Whoops... I think I just spawned myself
I should warn you, I am not gluten free.
But he's so horrible on gun control!
I can't bear two fish.
Don't worry, I'm a vegetarian.
Do you mind? We're spawning here!
I told you traffic would be a bear.
On 2nd thought, maybe I won't spawn.
He's smarter than the average bear.
I believe we have the right of way.
Mind the bones
Damn GPS screwed up again!
Uh Oh I told you we should have followed the detour sign.
Have you tried Pilates?
You do realize if you let us pass you'll improve your chances for next year
You're meant to do that in the woods.
Is this what they mean by up a creek without a paddle?
I assume your familiar with the FDA’s recent advisory on mercury in seafood?
He ate my whole family a minute ago, so I think he's full. Should we wing it?
We have reservations.
You said voting Trump would help bare ISIS!' 'No, I said 'Bear ISIS!'
I kept telling you Ralph, to stop and ask or directions
With my mercury level, you'd be better off going hungry.
I just *hate* these school trips.
The big fat fish are all behind us.
Omega-3 totally causes fur rickets, or, like, something.
Mama spawned there'd be days like this.
Sometimes I hate the laws of Physics.
Nip his nose! I'll tag and trap, reincarnated in a ranger hat.
Hey,haven't you heard? It's OK to eat bacon now.
Overbearing!
Quick! Look fishy.
Bad luck, guys - you must've missed the 'One Way' sign.
How 'bout you catch us on the way back.
We should have took the ladder.
Hey pal, guess why they call me Sockeye.
Bear right ahead.
There's no place like home. There's no place like home. There's ...
We're known to cause indigestion in bears.
By chance you wouldn't happen to be a vegan.
I'm as bored with this are you guys are!
Our plan has gone a little bear-shaped
There's a large, tasty shark right behind us. Would you do us a solid, buddy?
With this Bear market my broker advises going completely liquid.
Suddenly, this is so not sparking joy.
It's only fair to tell you that I escaped from a farm and may be full of PCBs and mercury.
Are you guys genetically modified?
Fresh beer and fish
These aren't the Jedi salmon you've been looking for
Do whatever you want to me, just not what you did to Leonardo DiCaprio!
'Ice bear'.... Right ahead
Let's hope he's vegan.
Like I said, we should have gone short.
I didn't realize fishing was a bear market...
It's bad enough that we have to swim upstream, negotiate 5 huge dams, get through the drought in california, now we have to get past this asshole!
Sushi delivery.
You don't have to be Ginger Rogers to appreciate the irony.
We escaped from the hatchery for this?
salmon fight upstream to spawn or to feed a bear dying is life's end
Hold on! You're in danger of making a big mistake! According to WikiLeaks, we're actually loaded with gluten.
1) fish say 'parlay?' 2) fish say 'Wait! We're farm raised with color added!'
I said let's go to my place.
Larry, I told I was bearish about this route.
Careful Now—you might catch salmonella!
Honestly I thinks todays the day 'I go with the flow'
We are about to get shmeared.
Maybe we should go with the flow after all.
I got this Joe! I can handle him by myself.
I'm tired of being taken for granted.
The Wolfe was right...you can't go home again.
Salman Rushdie, Contrarian.
Try canned Tuna!
Come to daddy my lovelies, I'll take care of you
Don't be fooled. We're actually farm raised.
My friend here is sushi grade Ahi
Spawning 101: Never let the caniforms smell fear.
As a matter of fact, I do want a piece of you.
Get out of the way lard ass, we're motivated.
I envy Atlantic salmon.
Sorry ladies. I am still a Vegan.
I'd like to get my fins on the dude who was singing 'Up the Lazy River.'
Quick!, 'What's the streaming password?'
Get outta the way lardbucket. We're comin through!
Recalculating...recalculating...
Are you the one that got away?
We are in the anti-establishment lane!
If I were at the top of the food chain, I'd cut you some slack.
Don't be scared, I'm a vegan.
You happy now Marvin. You had to be such a fancy-pants dressing up like a salmon.
Salmon. It's what's for dinner.
I brought an appetizer.
These two shall pass.
Have you heard about the health benefits of veganism?
You don't want to catch salmonella do you?
OK, I'm toast. So?
Fair warning - I just ate some bad clams!
Let me see your papers.
I told you it was a bad idea to swim upstream
What good is lox? It's not like you'll find a good bagel in Montana!
Have you thought about the benefits of going vegan for awhile?
Are you sure you got the correct directions from that dating website?
I think you'll want to wait for the next group coming up. I know for a fact they have higher Omega-3s.
The benefits of omega-3 fatty acids have been wildly overstated.
I don't have to get the joke. I only work in this cartoon.
You're not the Uber I ordered, are you?
You get this one, I'll get the next.
I told you to ask for directions, but, noooo, not Mr. Know-it-all.
I'm just trying to find Nemo
Hey. A little help here, please.
I always hoped I’d wind up on a bagel.
What is the meaning of life?
Is this kind of birth control covered by our HMO, honey?
Oy gevalt
Aren't you tired of incompetent management? This bureaucracy is killing us.
Because it's here. That's why.
Wait til you see the glass ceiling!
This isn't the Iowa caucuses, is it?
Yes, I am farm raised, genetically modified.
Excuse me, do you live around here? I'm trying to find my parents' old spawning grounds: Clark and Harriet Salmon? They were eaten around 2006.
Try him; I'm too tough and chewy
Yeah, we deliver the sushi. But you're on your own for the ginger and wasabi.
She said she wouldn't go a stroke further until I asked for directions.
Wait! Are you sure you eat GMO?
Don't take me, I'm the tiniest salmon. Wait until the big salmon comes.
Mom warned me about bear markets!
No, Copper River is 1/2 mile North.
Hey, that paleo diet doesn't seem to be working for you. Have you thought about going vegan?
Alright, forget the Marco part and just close your eyes.
Privately, Gus preferred Frankenfish to inbred cousins.
Why not snag Betty over there? She's full of caviar.
Go for him, I'm genetically modified.
But we're GMO!
Don't worry, Eric. He's probably more scared of us than we are of him.
And just where do you think you two are going?
So Sam, rumour has it you've been swimming downstream lately...
How about if you guys come over for dinner
Go forth and multiply-I've gone vegan.
Haven't you heard of mercury poisoning?
Is this the way to the 'Bunny Ranch'?
Actually, I just escaped from a farm. The food was horrible there. Try the other guy.
Which one of you is named Kilgore?
Are you the momma or poppa bear?
Outnumbered again...
This eco-system is rigged !
Geez, this date's turning out to be real downer!
Well I'll be darned. Igamuk! I just saw your brother down at the last rapids.
Sometimes, your day can suddenly turn into a real bear.
Flax oil and krill are the optimal choices for someone of your BMI
Don't worry, I saw the same thing in The Revenant - it's not real, all CGI.
You don't want to eat your chums.
Please tell me you're out for the krill.
The benefits of salmon oil have been shown to be overrated.
Excuse me, is this the fishing store level?
Don't look at me, I'm the genetically-modified one.
You're no mermaid, catfished yet again.
Just like the Routeplanner said: Bear Left at Waterfall
I'm looking for the EZ-Pass lane.
I told you map quest was out dated.
I have been told that I have bad taste!
Pescitariansim. It's a not a diet, it's a lifestyle.
I've been trying to run lately too!
But, honey, the app says left!
I thought you said you were only here for the therapeutic waters
Trust me. I'm chock full of GMOs!
Believe me, we're farmed and you want wild. Wild is better.
I'm sorry, but I've converted to veganism.
I'm so turned on right now.
I shouldn't. Beach season is coming up.
Hey Teddy, I was a small fry last time I saw you.
I'm sure there's some sort of metaphor here.
Wait! That's it! I've proved the Riemann Hypothesis!! Nothing can stop me now!
Once again Mother Nature has brought predator and prey together in a tableau as old as time.
Come on, we barely know you!
I'm oso sick of bears.
Follow me to Blue Oyster Cult karaoke night! Don't be afraid!
Things any better on your side?
Like you, I too believe that Planned Parenthood is a pro-life statement!
Right now we are in a Bear Market.
Excuse me, is this the way to Zabars?
Farmed salmon taste way better!
Eat me! Eat me!
Have you considered going vegan?
I told you we need a new GPS.
Talk about a treacherous commute
Think outside the lox.
Oh no, Sam! Looks like we found our bear-ings.
Well this swim looks like it is about to get a little grizzly.
Salmon, now streaming live!
A guy finally says, 'I'm just going to take a leap of faith,' and...
I've never seen one this close before.
This next stretch looks like a real bear
Don't be such a pessimist. We've got the numbers on him.
Can you move?I was going to go there.
This gives new meaning to grin and bear it!
Oh boy- I just can't bear this anymore!
I told you not to order an Ubear!
'Get in my mouth' the fish says.
We're refugees from the salmon en croute terrorists . . .
You said global warming doesn't exist!
Like swimming upstream isn't bad enough?!
Your pants are on fire.
I wish evolution happened faster.
Come On Dude. I'm trying to get laid here. You're just hungry. Follow us up stream. When we're done we're not going anywhere. It'll be the best buffet of your life. Talk about ducks in a barrel. Bring Friends.
Why you should never drink and swim.
Recent medical research suggests that fish oil is not correlated with reduced risk of heart attacks.
You're a mother. You should understand!
We're on a mission.
You big bully.
After you, Alphonse.
Are you the 1%?
Hey! Did you eat our mother? Shame on you!
I regret never knowing how to laugh.
Is this some kind of a joke? I'm here for the sex.
I swear on my life, farmed salmon tastes so much better.
It's a TRAP! -Admiral Ackbear
There's no way you can call this 'sustainable' fishing!
What if I offered you a nice side salad instead?
The berries look really good this year.
You're the one who's lost...YOU ask him for directions.
And this is why I don't trust my Garmin.
If you wait just twenty minutes, you could have caviar instead.
You and who else!!!!
Thanks, but no - Leo really does deserve the oscar. I'm not jealous at all...
The first fish that past me was too skinny. The second fish that past me was too fat. But you are juuuuust riiiight.
I think I just spawned.
Have you heard of Salmonella?
The fish cannon's out of order, I'll show you the way
Bon appétit!
I'm sensing a macroaggression.
Downstream celibacy sounds like a viable option.
Sometimes being a leader isn't all its cracked up to be
Do you have a reservation?
Do you really want to accumulate more mercury?
I'm thinking that abstinence may have been the way to go.
Ask Yourself, What Would Smokey Do?
Hubi, act nonchalant.
Let's spawn,' you said. 'I haven't seen a bear in ages.
No problem, Sally. Just grin and bear it.
It's time to turn around and just go with the flow.
For starters I recommend a caesar salad .
Neorickettsia elokominica!
One fish, two fish, I eat you fish.
No problem, keep swimming, she's a vegan.
You go ahead Mabel - I'll take care of this one.
It's true, you can't go home.
Are you SERIOUS!?!
OK, you fake him to the right, I'll punch him in the nose, we'll both be by him before he knows what hit him.
This is where the blubber hits the fold.
Seriously? Russia wants to help us complete our epic journey upstream to spawn?
It's a pilot for the Outdoor Channel. Just act hungry until the director yells, 'Cut!', OK?
Go ahead, make my day!
Told you this is where the market was going, but no, you wouldn't listen.'Stay the course,' you said. 'Smooth sailing, Q1,' you said. You're fired, Nemo.
Dr. Oz says krill oil is better.
Back off, we' re farm-raised!
Oh no! Just when we thought stocks were going up again!
LOOK! Your fly is open! Your fly is open!
I think he meant Turn Right when he said 'Bear Left!'
What's for dinner?
Quick! You distract him while I go back downstream and warn the others!
There's a school of Sharks right behind me
Mornin' Bill. Mornin' Salm.
Not us. We're farmed tilapia. Right, honey?
Aim for the five-hole!
All this aggravation for some external fertilization ?!
Don't worry. The bears in this river are vegan.
So much for the upstream evasive tactic.
You realize you're opposing God's plan for us to have babies?
Come to Daddy!
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I don't think he cares that we're a protected species.
Wash your paws before dinner please
Remember what Mom said: he is slow to the left.
Sorry sir, if you don't have a reservation, it's going to be at least a 2-hour wait.
I'm just saying we should discuss it. Lots of couples are very, very happy without having kids.
Quick, tell him you're farm-raised!
You were great in The Revenant! You too!
Excuse us Mr. Bear, I thought this is was the way to ladies night! 'It was, but now it's dinner time.'-Mr.Bear
It's cheating when you walk round the obstacle on land!
Yes, Frank, we heard. You met Leo Dicaprio.
Looks like this is our exit....pursued by a bear!
alright everybody go home, there is nothing funny to see here.
Do bears even like sushi?
Leave my 401(k) Plan alone!
Shouldn't you be preventing forest fires somewhere?
I wanted to spawn in Cancun, but no, you just had to spawn upstream.
You know, Phil? I sometimes wonder why we don't go against our instincts.
I think this could interrupt our sex lives
I told you we can't trust that new GPS!!!
I told you Waze doesn't account for bears, Sam.
It's an uphill battle... both ways!
Shouldn't you be hibernating?
I imagined you different from your profile picture.
Have you checked your mercury levels lately?
So, how about meeting me halfway.
I swear that I never slept in your bed.
Save your fish breath, i'm getting at least one of you
Look behind you. Is that Timmy Treadwell?!
Are you fishing for a compliment?
DoyouknowthewaytoSanJose?
Wanna be in a reality show with Sarah Palin?
I thought sometimes we got the bear.
The wall…which you’ll be paying for by the way…will be right here.
Doesn't someone need to lose a few pounds?
Spoiler alert! I'm farm raised.
Hang in there.
I feel I should warn you, my cousin's a shark, and he's not far behind me.
And we can’t do this downstream because . . . ?
No offense, but I'm only into twinks.
Maybe next time, Pooky....so-o close...and yet...so very far.
What's the password?
Thank God we Millennials aren't bound by the old cliches!
So what did you have for lunch?
Your wild-grown, locally-sourced sushi is coming right up, sir.
We are both farm-raised, colors added and previously frozen
I'm sorry officer - I left my fishing license back in my ocean.
Do you mind? You're kind of ruining the moment.
WAIT! I'm farm raised and full of toxins.
Uh oh, I don't think that this is the way to the motel.
Who would pass by me must answer these questions three. What is your name? What is your quest? What is dark matter?
I don't recommend the salmon with eggs.
I resent being referred to as take out food.
It's an uphill battle. Surely you can appreciate that.
Aren't you a big cutie. I'm Crimea and this is my buddy Eastern Ukraine. What's your name?
The latest thinking is fish is bad for you.
The journey of a thousand miles ends with a single snap.
Why do I always pick the wrong line !
In case you didn't get the word, we're being grossly over-fished!
'Before making your dinner selection you might want to consider that I swam through the water in Fint, Michigan.' Alan Swanson, Washington, DC.
The data are still out on the benefits of Omega 3.
Yes we did! We swam here from Flynt!
Don't even think about it, bub. I wasn't raised on a farm you know!
We shouldn't have signed with the reality show.
Bear with us: LIVE STREAMING is buffering...
Please let us pass; we're pregnant
Now I remember why we left.
Aw. I told you we shouldn't wait to have sex.
This mating ritual is becoming a real bear.
Oops . . wrong turn.
Give us a break -- it's our first date!
You know we are an endangered species, right?
They never said anything about bonding with your food.
Hey Sal what's up with this, I thought we were on a farm
Oh, yes, it's definitely getting deeper and warmer.
The big guy down stream said it's called 'Catch and Release'!
Please don't eat me I'm pregnant.
Epic comeback starts right now
I can't believe you did all your own stunts in THE REVENANT!
Sweetie, did you leave the front door open?
Well, Mortie, there goes our plan to make it onto the Russ & Daughters menu.
Hey Fatso , try a salad !
Gee, I was really looking forward to spawning up stream, guess I'll have to settle for a bear hug.
What do you mean' bear left up ahead?'
Roe vs. Wade
Maybe next time you'll listen when I say we should stop and ask for directions.
I’m afraid this is the 'many a slip twixt’ part of our spawning excursion.
Waze really ought to have specified the nature of the roadblock.
'Come on! What is taking you so long?
You do know that we're chock-full of mercury.
I'm rich in heavy metals, but at least I'm gluten-free.
Frank over there is invasive.
I guess it's true. You can't go home again.
Consider the lobster.
Bad sex life.
I'm genetically modified. I taste like chicken.
Go back to bed, there are six more weeks of winter.
I told you this was the wrong way.
Trust us. There's a great sushi bar downstream.
Monsieur would perhaps find his taste buds tingled by our Small Plate special?
Sashimi?
Thomas Wolfe was right.
Welcome to The River. Please wait here and we'll swim downstream to see if your table is ready.
Wipe that smirk off your face!
Can't we just get along?
Oops, wrong spawn party! This one's for bears.
Recent studies show omega-3-fatty acids aren't that good for you.
Go home! Goldilocks is there now!
Get a load of who's perched.
Worst incentive ever.
I misunderstood when you said, 'Bear left!'
The irony escapes me.
Welcome to Alaska!
Sir, could I interest you in some information on the benefits of a vegetarian diet?
Sorry! Are we late for dinner?
Should've watched more nature documentaries.
Passport and immigration papers, please.
You eat me at our own risk, I'm from Flint!
Quick Ed, tell him we are omega deficient.
Didn't I tell you we were going the wrong way?
I don't suppose you know another route...?
I don't have to swim the fastest. I just have to swim faster than you...Oh shit
Look! Haley's comet!
There is something fishy happening here!
School is out...we're genetically modified
Every year these carnival prizes just get bigger.
For this, we swam 1,000 miles?
Yikes, we should have taken that left.
Eat that guy. I'm loaded with gluten.
You looked a lot different on your on-line dating profile photo.
I realize you are upwardly mobile, but unfortunately for you, this is a bear market.
This is the last time I volunteer for the scouting party.
Let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing.
Yes it is where salmonella comes from.
Welcome gentlemen. Classic spawning to your right. Express spawning to your left.
She said she'd prefer if you stopped calling her.
Clearly, we should have taken the escalator.
How about we just skip spawning this year?
Roll Tide!
On 1, Backward somersault!
You ordered sockeye. I's coho.
The really tasty fish are behind us.
You haven't been returning my calls...
I'm beginning to have second thoughts about this whole mating thing.
Is this a good fishing spot?
I told you heading to Florida for the winter was a better idea.
Does Flint River spawning mean anything to you?
Say Marge, what'd you think of Revenant?
You know you want it!
Yes it's true, life's a bear and then you die.
Pardon me, but we are terribly late for our mating. Could you please eat us on the way back.
Google Maps said our route was clear!
Reservations? Really? That's new.
Muddy water.
You again!
We thought you were extinct.
For this we swam upstream?
Come out of the shallows, and live, however briefly, free!
Sometimes the sex just isn't worth it.
Eventually we're gonna have to tell him he's adopted.
Worst GPS Directions Ever.
I told you this free cruise was too good to be true!
One for the money. Two for the show. Three to get ready. THEN you go.
You gotta get home right-a-way - some blond chick just broke in.
Heh bear.I know where you live.I'm just saying.
I should warn you that I'm from Flint.
On the other hand, there are some downsides to these conservation programs.
Here's another fine mess you've gotten us into.
we're spawned now
What? Are we gluten-free?
I knew I shouldn't have voted for Trump
A bear market's impact on investors
Oh.... S h - t!!!
Do you happen to know who won the Super Bowl?
Excuse me, do you have a moment to discuss the health benefits of vegetarianism?
Be Careful What You Wish For
Do you think bear-related injuries have a large deductible in our health plan.
Step aside fish breath, we're coming through.
You wouldn't believe how long it took me to get these reservations.
It looks like Thomas Wolfe was right.
Now that you're all vegan, make sure to get these omega-3 pills.
We dodged whales, oil spills, and gill netters. Outta our way.
Look, a bird!
Same with my mom... she barely passed current affairs in her school.
Something tells me this trip isn't going to end well.
We're one fish and two fish. The much bigger red fish and blue fish are right behind us!
Are you certified Non-GMO?
The 'EAT MORE CHICKEN' sign is not working!
Where's the oven? I found a bear.
Want to go to the audition for Revenant II with us? We hear it's a star maker.
You want a piece of mercury, my friend?
Darling, you go ahead. I'll be right behind you.
He looks real to me.
The guys downstream are organic
I guess you can't go home again.
Momma said there'd be days like this.
Dude, you're totally spawn blocking.
He won't eat us, we're in the Flint River.
I told you we should have swum down stream!
Sorry, we are NOT gluten free.
Didn't you hear? Bacon is in; Omega 3s are out.
See, Ernie? Didn't I tell you it was a Bear Market?
Only two? I must be late for dinner.
We'll go straight to your haunches.
Sorry, the humans saved my habitat so *they* could eat me.
So much for GPS!
Sorry the border is closed.
If you lower your discount rate and let me go by, think of how much more you'll eat in a few years when all my children come by here!
I know the director said 'wildlife snuff,' but I say bromance!
Now I know how the Ukranians in the Crimea feel.
Do Grizzlies observe Lent?
Don't, I'm full of mercury.
Back off, pal. I'm from Flint.
Does the EPA know about this?
Lunch? Great! But it will have to be quick, we have to be upstream by 4:45 pm....
Don't eat me. You don't know what I've swam in.
I don't care if it's a Hobson's choice or a Morton's fork. I don't like it.
Looks like we're about to meet a grizzly end.
I'm having some doubts about your instincts
Maybe you're right. Far right is the way to go.
Which way to Carnegie Hall?
I know what you're thinking. Omega 3s or toxic mercury? Do you feel lucky, punk?
Not salmon
There's a really fat one in twelve yards
Wow! You've got beautiful eyes.
Be careful he doesn't look like a Teddy Bear.
Leo is a great actor, and so down to earth!
What's tartar sauce?
I need to see some ID
What's your strategy for beating a turbulent bear market?
Hey, don't pretend you can't see me.. Ok..?
Hi, guys. Want a ride upstream?
He went that-a-way.
No, this only goes downtown.
Fur is murder.
He must be one of the welcome home greeters.
Take my buddy, the small ones are more flavorful.
That's what I love about these salmon, man. I keep getting older; they stay the same age.
I don't know if I'm comfortable with the question, but a Pinot Noir always pairs nicely.
I hate this new immigration policy
You've got bad breath!
I'll distract him, Sammy, while you grab his pelt.
But Google Maps said bear to the right!
Uh oh. Bad day to skip school.
Wait for my big sister--she will make the choicest sashimi.
Fish are friends, not food.
They're making a movie downstream. I think there may be a part for you.
It's a classic Catch 2.
You're late. Dinner was supposed to be an hour ago.
I'm farm-raised, but he's wild
Mrs. Jones, cancel my 1:15 dentist appointment !
Ever considered tofu?
I don/t think it's Smokey the Bear worrying about forest fires.
Yup. I knew there was a reason fish were meant to swim downstream.
Of course that's why we're going upstream. No moral judgements please!
Uh oh... I'm guessing that the 'Bear left' back at the fork was a warning sign, not a directional suggestion!
Wait! That Omega 3 stuff is all hype. You are better off being a vegan.
There are other fish in the sea, you know.
Don't worry Al, my mom told me when I hatched to just take a sharp right then veer left to get past this guy.
Will you wait for me to do a few more steps? I've almost completed my Fitbit goal.
Have you ever tried farm-raised?
FYI, we're farm raised!
Must be from Andromeda. They don't grow wheat on Mars.
Are the bears biting today?
The guy behind me has more Omega-3.
I told you we should've stayed on the farm, but NOOOOOO!
Look Jeb, its Donald. I mentioned your name, please take 30 seconds to respond.
Tell him we're farm raised and not safe to eat.
We should have ridden our bikes
Jim, 'Uber pool' is not the body of water I was referring to
Have you ever heard of course correction guys? All the big fish are heading downstream right now.
It's tough, but it's faster than the L train.
Ugh...fell for the bear posing as a salmon again in the chat room.
I want to go straight upstream but my damn GPS keeps saying 'Bear to the left!'
Perhaps you should go chill a bottle of Pinot Grigio first.'
You're right. We can lay these eggs downstream.
I hate that we have 'Greeters' now that we've gone corporate.
Hey, save your energy! The Copper River guys are just downstream.
Okay, I'll take him on the left, you take him on the right.
You called for delivery?
I smell our sister on his breath.
Do you have your Killer Whale friend on speed-dial?
We applauds your work in The Revenant, but this is Hollywood, Sally. There's a million bears out there who would kill to work through hibernation.
Hold on. You're supposed to be at the stock exchange.
As if swimming upstream isn't enough to put me off spawning
The stream a couple forests over is Michelin starred.
When Paul yelled 'Charge', Susan knew things would not end well.
Hellooo, Sisyphish
If we paws here, it will be a short honeymoon!
10,001, 10,002...
Ooops !! it's our descendancy versus his pleasure
Looks like you got separated from Noah's group.
I told you the GPS said 'bear left'
There will be more where we came from if you let us pass
Roe roe, roe your - uh oh, bear left, bear right - Spawnee, How I love ya, How I love ya, my dea....
Stop—in the name of lox!
Back in my day your Grandma and I had to swim upstream and.....
Just think, Mabel - a quiet pool, a sandy bed, the two of us side by side aquiverin' and ashakin'. One mangy ole bear ain't gonna stop us.
catch me if you can Leo!
When sex is on the brain there is no room for reason.
You've got the wrong Goldilox.
He's a fish 'in' water, metaphorically speaking.
Caramba! Oso Polar.
Get out of the way. This is my only chance to finally mate. It has been a lifetime!
'The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof...'Num. 13:32
What happened to sometimes you eat the bear?
Simon says, 'Take three steps forward.'
Have you considered the negative tax implications of an upstream merger?
Excuse us, we need to scoot by. We are headed upstream to attend the wedding of Maggie Massey and Philip Straub in Palmer, AK on June 28th. Hey, you should come along. You'll have fun. They are going to have salmon.
Oh no... campers actually have more omega 3.
You heard it here first, Stan. This is a bear market.
Let's agree to disagree.
After kids, what's the point?
Say yes to your diet!
I was hoping to meet Leonardo instead.
No! Please! I'm pregnant!
I prefer having a bull market.
May I suggest 'farm raised' as a lower cost alternative.
Stop! I have Zika!
Watch out, buster. I'm a husky AquAvantage salmon!
This bear market is really taking a bite out of our futures.
Look, Yogi, a picnic basket.
What's that? It wasn't there when we went downstream.
Stay positive, he could be bluffing
The farmed salmon downstream is far higher in omega threes.
This season we will also be streaming online.
Flint is that way.
I guess Dad was right.
Tell him we’re not 2nd Amendment compliant; we’re bare and without arms!
Got elk?
I think we misheard about this stream having Uber.
Hey mister, would you know a quicker way?
Fair warning: We're genetically modified.
When you said 'bear left up ahead', you weren't exactly giving me directions, were you.
On second thought, we should have left your eggs down stream!
double-dare you
You can't always trust your instincts!
Don't even think about it. We're endangered.
no, NO, I am definitely NOT gluten free!
If you knew what we had for lunch, you wouldn't want to eat us.
Mmm, fresh Trump! I mean, trout. Trout.
Think twice! You're looking at a lethal dose of mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Better you do it in the woods than here.
Have you considered becoming a vegetarian?
I'm really just a tilapia disguised as salmon.
My GPS did not tell me about this.
Didn't realize we'd get such a literal comeuppance.
Do you have a minute to talk about the environment?
I thought the GPS said bear left.
Great jump! Now grin and bear it.
I told you the bear tracking app wouldn't work once we crossed the Canadian border.
I said we should have just gone back to my place.
Wait! There's a fatter one behind me.
I love our life too, sweetie. But do you ever feel like we're going against nature?
Yeah, you can go over the mountain but try swimming up this stream sometime big guy!
Stop spawn-blocking me, bro.
Hey big guy, you are a real spawn blocker standing there.
Bear with me here...
Now is no time to ask directions, Fred.
I’ll come back after lunch.
Give us a break, Guy. We're on our way to be smoked for a Bar Mitzvah.
Tell us again about that time you met DiCaprio.
I just realized I left the eggs downstream.
So much for getting lucky tonight.
Will I be your first Flint River fish?
Let's take an Uber
Are you satisfied with your high-speed streaming service?
Ahh, Sushi!
See... I told you to stop for directions hours ago!
Fresh salmon or cloned salmon.
There can be no romance without impediments.
I think their definition of sustainable is different than ours.
Look out, Big Guy! You're Endangered!
Farm-raised from Scotland is recommended as a sustainable alternative.
You didn't tell me the road was under consumption.
Tell him you're pregnant.
On second thought, maybe our spawning ground is back at that other river.
The one behind me is MUCH bigger
Don't give me that 'come to Papa stuff' I'm a fish!
We hear there's more meat on Leonardo.
All this way to find out that yogi IS a bear?
If you're really, really full,why are you in the river?
You have GOT to be kidding me.
Oh great, here we are, 'upstream without a paddle' !
Not in here, go in the woods!
I should have actually read the nature film script.
You don't want me. I was raised on a farm, practically a vegetable.
Jim, I thought you said it was a holiday!
These days I just feel like I'm swimming upstream straight into a bear market.
...but I'm pregnant.
'Niagara wouldn't do. We had to have the Great Pacific Northwest for OUR honeymoon.' [Please, italicize and lower case the 'OUR']
If ever a fish needed a bicycle.
I just feel like you should read more on sustainable fishing methods first.
This is not the fish you're looking for.
Secret Scenes from Nature, Vol. 19: Daring The Other Species to Blink First
Welcome back, my pretty, and your husband
We're farm-raised GMO!
Careful, this is Leo's year.
This is going to give a whole new meaning to 'play dead'!
I told you we shouldn't go back to the same place this year...
Farm-raised? Sorry, I only eat wild.
I don't know. He doesn't look vegan to me.
Think twice - we're from Flint.
I have Ebola. He doesn't.
I'm not sure I'm cut out for these adventure vacations.
Let me guess, you're not vegan.
I should've upgraded my GPS.
If you let me pass, I will give you my first spawned.
I think the dating service made a mistake.
This is that “Circle of Life” that Dad talked about.
Have you tried the trout?
I've seen rocks scarier than you fatso!
Don't worry - I'm here to catch you if you fall.
You won't like us. We're farm-raised.
Perseverance always wins.
Damn. I KNEW I should have brought the paddle.
You said, 'Bear right.'
Aren't you supposed to be mauling some trapper?
Hey ! Is there a way to put this thing in reverse ?
Bro! I had kale for lunch.
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
Celibacy Downstream, Spawning Ahead, Out of the Way, Bear
I'm feeling bullish.
'On second thought, I need to get my bearings'.
We're just working on our core.
We're thinking about having kids. How are the schools here?
I told you we should have used the ladder...
I think we're swimming up the wrong stream.
God I hate these nature shows.
Look at me looking at you.
Now just what part of 'one way stream' don't you understand, you stupid grizzly?! Can you believe this guy?
Please -- I have a wife and 5,000 kids!
I thought you brought the Easy Pass.
FYI, my friends call me 'Mercury' and not because I'm fast.
Here's the plan: You distract him while I swim by.
I told you if we continue doing what we've always done, we'll never survive.
Wait a minute Lou. What the hell happened to Norm?
Maybe being genetically modified isn't so bad after all
Are you sure they're worth it?
Do you really want to mess with a woman spawned?
I prefer my salmon wild caught.
Call the park ranger. We're under size.
Quick Herman, play dead.
Hey, it's Friday...
I'm done with Paleo. Strictly ovo-lacto now.
What's the catch?
I don't really think I was ready to be a parent anyway.
Would you consider a bowl of porridge instead?
Trust me, I do this all the time.
Don't you ever get full?
There’s something fishy about this bear.
Hey bro -- I'll flip ya for who tells him we're full of mercury
FYI, I'm farm-raised.
We are not jumping up like this because we want to be friends. But it is nice to see you; you are a handsome bear. Have you read Lowell's 'Waking Early Sunday Morning'?
Hey look it's Chris Christie in bear suit
Next year let's remember to go downstream
Back off buster, I am a GMO.
Oh-oh, can swim you underwater?
Yup, there he is. I never miss the downwind smell of a bear in high summer.
I tell ya, Peterson, it's a lot more work trying to get sustainably caught.
. . . recalculating . . .
A little privacy please?
Dude, I'm totally going to fertilize Jessica once we get up strea-
Betcha can't eat just one!
Would you be interested in an inter species relationship.
Given the situation, what would you say our Neilsen rating is?
No, no ... wait for our far tastier brother. He's right behind us!
Oh damn, it's you again!
It's gonna be a bear market this spring...
Sorry. This spawning site is temporarily full.
' You are most welcome, I've been craving your taste since last year's spawn!
Don't you have bigger fish to fry?
Road is closed, maybe try salad.
Looks like the bull market fell again last night.
Just don't say 'bear left' when you warn the others.
What, you were expecting lobster ?
Don't look at me like that, mistakes happen...
You can never go home.
I am beginning to think this is more work than it is worth.
We've come all this way. I can't bear it.
Na Na NaNa Na
Two schools. King and Sockeye. About 30 minutes downstream. I was never here.
I told you we should of taken a right back there you idiot; now look where we are!
Jerry, I told you we were going the wrong way!
I guess the cute Chinook we met downstream last Friday night isn't going to be meeting us around the bend after all.
Um, Larry, I thought you said, 'Bear left,' not 'Bear, left.'
Uh-oh! So much for live streaming...
Really Bob? This is starting to get old.
It's probably too late to ask if you're vegan?
'Sorry, I'm 'out of season' '.
Don't worry. It's a fake.
All I ask is that you raise my 27, 590, 269, 917 spawn as your own.
C'mon, man. I'm on a date here!
This wasn't mentioned in my DNA.
Thanks Google Maps.
We're protected.
You knew my parents?
You're kosher and hallucinating: We have no fins or scales.
We'll be easier to catch coming down stream.
We must be the dumbest fish in the world.
Looking for someone?
Things just haven't been the same here since the inception of GMO salmon
I must warn you, eating raw fish may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
Hey bud - boop boop dittum dattum wattum shoo!
...and say after me, I hate the taste of fish.
I'm thinking we should change tradition and head down stream.
What is it you don't understand about endangered?
Science has documented that fish at the top of the food chain like swordfish, tuna and salmon accumulate toxins such as mercury, dioxins, and PCB's.
Let's not move and he'll go away.
Look sharp...I heard that Sarah Palin's film crew is out today.
Relax, Larry, I think it's only Smokey the Bear.
The bears are now the big fish
No, we're a pair of synchronized back one-and-a-half somersaults pike.
Is that Grizzly Adams behind you?
Your main course will be along shortly.
You really are starting to become a nuisance.
Can I see a permit, sir?
So you just want to tell us about the one that got away, right?
My friend here is gluten free and low-fat
Trump's the name. are you swimming upstream to the primaries? Good luck. Fish ate some of my best friends, I love them all.
Watch what you eat. We may be genetically modified.
Scout's honor?
Geroni-NOOOOOO!
What if I teach you to fish instead?
Some honeymoon.
Salmon lives matter
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Talk about a cock block!
Noooo, there isn't a sushi bar around here.
The tasty bigger ones are tailgating, scout's honor.
Hey, are you guys Chinook, Sockey or Coho?
What did Yelp say about this river?
Can I interest you in a veggie burger?
A fishy choice
Nah, na, na, nah, nah....
You're about to accomplish your life's dream to have kids, and a bear eats you. How would you feel?
Come closer, Big Boy.
Ladies first
Good news for you that I've become a vegetarian.
Good news, we found your cell phone.
I sure hope he's vegan.
I thought our new GPS was supposed to warn us of this kind of hazard.
How's mamma bear?
Courage, guys, Jeremy Grantham says it's not a REAL bear...
'Didn't we do this last year?'
It might have worked better to be a GMO than to swim on the wild side.
Don't worry Salmo - everyone knows bears are vegans.
Don't worry, I told him we were farm-raised.
We're up here for the mating...for dining go way down to the bottom of the falls.
Have you considered going vegetarian?
You wouldn't like us--we're into heavy metals.
It's called Match.com. And she said she'd meet me up here somewhere.
Now I know why they call it 'The Hunger Games.'
I told you the Express Stream would be unbearable!
The good-tasting fish will be along shortly.
Ooops! Siri said 'bear left.'
Sorry, Sal, but I'm not going to bear with you.
Quick put on your invisibility cloak!
Wait a minute...did I turn off the gas?
No, really, you go first.
'I insist, you go first Sam'.
Well, kudos to the team who rebranded this journey as the Circle of Life tour.
At first I thought it was just a metaphor, what with my stock portfolio dropping and all.
Don't worry Bob, there are two of us and only one of him.
``If I don't spawn, nitwit, they'll be no more fish. So back off, you big mug.''
Uh Oh. It looks like we're heading toward a bear market!
I should have known that Hillary was running to my right for a reason!
Fillets? On the way.
So these three bears were like... someone's been eating my porridge.
Hmm, I've waited for a whole year for sushi.
Sorry Bear, we're vegan.
Catch me on my way back
Thank God it's not Friday
Bear! How are you man? I haven't seen you since you were a cub.
At times like this I wonder whether sex is worth it.
If you're health-oriented, please note our high mercury content.
I hope that it was REALLY good for you!
Hey Mac, can you help me up this waterfall?
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
I bet you can't climb a tree.
The fat fish are downstream.
You see how he's jumping to conclusions here, Teddy?
You couldn't have done this at the first waterfall?
Kiss me. Love me.
I can't bear you looking at me like that!
...and I can guarantee a fourteen percent annual return.
Things definitely aren't looking up for us, Harold
Are you up for some foreplay?
There are vegetable sources of omega-3.
I don't care what the Republicans say--this proves global warming!
Have you considered a reasonable facsimile?
Before you do anything, this is my attorney, Mr. Schwimer.
There's a big, tasty fisherman 500 yards downstream.
So what was DiCaprio really like?
I hate to break it to you; it's February....
You wouldn't happen to be vegan, would you?
Can you give me a minute? I need to have sex.
Ha! I told you I'd beat ya to the top!
It's a Kodiak moment.
It's not you, it's me.
I'm only farm fresh. He's the wild one.
Move before I punch you in the mouth!
So you say you really love sushi?
I knew we should have gone with the flow.
Seriously? I get all this way and run into you?
Stand aside and you won,t get hurt
It's a long shot, but he might be vegan.
I thought I'd be jumping a shark.
I didn't get any 'Revenant' residuals either.
Now THIS is what I call live streaming!
We have bad news about your cousin Polar.
Can you spare a minute to help save the environment?
I should have just used Tinder.
'' One fish, two fish. Run fish, stew fish.''
First, they tell us we have to swim upstream to have sex. Now, what's this?!
Please don't make me die a virgin
Repelling is a risk to bear!
'' Shush, I'm watching the Fish Bowl.''
Don't worry, I'm right behind you if he tries anything.
Hey, you never know. I might be a rare poisonous fish!
Sometimes I wish I was farm raised.
'' Hmm, 9,500 calories times 2 . . . ''
Oh, hi, Smokie, what brings the Ranger to our neck of the woods?
Don't just stand there, chew something!
When you're a salmon, it's not a metaphor.
Fuck you, I am not coming there - I had abortion today
I told you not to trust your GPS.
Out of our way, we have a death wish to fulfill.
This is the last time I go spawning with you.
Come on Bob, we can take him.
You have beautiful eyes.
Are you streaming on Netflix?
Seriously? After we've come all this way?
I get to spawn once in my life, and you say you're starving.
We really should learn to swim downstream.
If I weren't a vegetarian....but wait, I'm not! Going my way fellows? All that work going upstream. Tsk, tsk. One not enough, three too many?
Mama said there’d be spawns like this.
I just swam up from Flint.
Farm living may not be so healthy, but it's a heck of a lot safer
Catch and release, hunh?
We're on to you, buster.
Haven't you heard of the minnow diet?
I suffer from a particularly virulent and highly contagious gum disease.
Leonardo DiCaprio is right behind me.
... and then on top of all of that, I get Ich!
'' Oh no, it's the salmon with creamy dill sauce freak.''
The tasty fatter ones are slower and right behind us.
Tell me again what Freud said about our instincts to spawn upstream?
Don't look so smug....there's ten thousand more of me coming right at you.
The water is always more blue on the other side of the falls.
Look, you’re endangered…we’re endangered. Can’t we work something out?
Next time, I'm walking.
I told you not to rely on that GPS
I think we took a wrong turn
First Mario Batali, and now a bear. Maybe I should have bought that GPS after all.
You had a lot less fur in your profile.
Can you believe this guy, Gladys? He just called me a lightweight and you a bimbo. Who does he think he is, the President?
Time to call in the piranha escorts.
Seriously, you're in the way.
1 + 2 = ?3? 1 Note: the 3 should be crossed out
I've always been Paleo.
Of course I'm genetically modified! I'm talking to you, aren't I?
I take it back, Howard; maybe a fish really does need a bicycle.
So we meet again, Mr. Bear.
May I suggest the beef?
Uh oh, bear market ahead.
So you wanna piece of me, big boy?
Some homecoming.
Try putting your back into it
I'm just doing it to make a point about futility.
I guess you could say we bear a resemblance to one another, but we're not identical!
Pizza tonight?
Downstream would have been a better option.
No way out but straight ahead.
'And Poppa Bear said: Look who's been swimming upstream.'
Oops. Our migration plan didn't take into his migration plan.
Meet thy eater
Grin and bear it.
Watch out! We're genetically altered
Remember me? Ella--Salmon Ella?
Omaha! On two!
Have you ever been disappointed with your GPS system?
Just another reason I hate visiting your mother
Have you seen Fred?
Come on Hank! He's bluffing!
It's not Lent, it's not a Friday, and you're not even Catholic..
Pray he gave up fish for Lent.
After everything we've been through !
Ed, we should have turned left at the light.
How about we remain childless?
Jump on my nose. I'll give you a lift upstream.
Surprise!
Stay still... He'll think we're statuary.
Careful Denise. That's the one that ate Auntie Shirley.
I hope he's stuffed...
We also have a dog act.
Saved again by high-grading.
Careful. You don't want to get in trouble with the environmentalists, do you?
Are you sustainably grown?
Sorry, but our mercury levels make us too toxic to eat.
We're investigating upstream solutions.
You don't want me, I'm genetically engineered.
Our intel said you were still sleeping
'Fish gotta swim/Birds gotta fly...' you know the drill.
Screw this vegan crap
I should warn you that I'm high in cholesterol, and I'm absolutely loaded with mercury.
As if spawning wasn't tough enough---
Can you let me off with just a warning this time?
They told me about the birds and the bees, but the left out the part about the bears.
You don't want me. I'm genetically modified.
Don't eat us! We're from Flint!
Sorry, Password disallowed.
Dude. You're totally spawn-blocking me right now
Darn it! I forgot to update my GPS app.
Figures. I've been humming 'Mama Said' all day.
'No, I am not bearly legal.''
I told you to stop and ask for directions.
We are so selling this timeshare.
Quick! Make like a porcupine!
Your choice for me, spawn or die?
Move, pal, this is the UP escalator.
The deadline for nominations for best 'bear in a nature documentary' has already passed.
Don't eat me. I'm actually Leo DiCaprio, researching a role.
We gotta update that GPS.
I think I get that 'spawn 'till you die' thing now.
Oh, you're so cool with your fish GPS.
The trip upstream is pretty grizzly.
I told you we should have taken the tollway.
Do you have a moment to learn about the benefits of a vegan diet?
After you. I insist.
Greetings, we're from Flint.
'Bruin left! Bear right!
Nature's version of Roe v Wade
So, what's the meaning of life?'
'You'll get through this' isn't exactly what I'm wanting to hear right now.
'You are so cliché''
Alright Buddy, this is the end of the line.
You’ve got to stop watching those nature documentaries.
Little fishies who swam and swam right over the dam.
You are getting sleepy.
We should’ve listened to Waze.
No, that's okay, we'll just go downstream.
Cover photo, here I come!
Look, over there! It's Leonardo DiCaprio!
How about we meet upstream for some caviar?
On second thought, we'll spawn at your place instead.
We're farmed!
I guess you really can't go home again.
This could be a grizzly ending.
Lane violation!
Tell me again why we do this every year?
I told you we should have stayed home.
Would you consider catch and release?
One of you is gonna have to come with me. Who's it gonna be fellas?
In case you're allergic you should be aware that I've recently eaten nuts.
We're from the EPA.....and you're under arrest
I'm not in the mood anymore either.
They're just never gonna get that #salmonlivesmatter.
So much for the circle of life!
Attaboy.. you got it.. little higher next time.
Hands off!! I'm a GMO.
We’re full of mercury, but berries are rich in antioxidants—get the picture?
Now I see why they call you 'The Big Dipper.'
I grew up on a farm, yeah.
Wouldn't you prefer farm raised? We're loaded with mercury and PCB's
I'd recommend a White Pinot Noir.
You have to come to school to see the rest of us.
How lucky! A local...we can ask for directions.
I go against the flow.
Good grief, he's caught salmon Ella.
Don't move or you'll scare off the gigantic school of salmon following me.
You may be a mama grizzly but you're no Sarah Palin!
Run, dude, a great white is right behind us!
Looks like bear for dinner...
We were elected to lead our tribe, so we must lead our tribe.
Talk about bear-faced lies!
Spawn blocked
Next time let's just go to a motel.
There are plenty more of us in the sea.
You can call yourself a point of interest if you like, but I'd feel more comfortable searching for an alternative route.
so I'm guessing he's not the Uber driver I called...?
I appreciate that they removed the dam, but couldn't they have done something about the wildlife?
Let's not be reduced to ugly stereotypes.
The bear conditions don't look very good today. Let's try summiting again tomorrow.
Don't eat us, we're the last organic ones.
Finally! A local! Listen ... can you give me directions to the spawning ground?
Who says the ice caps are melting?
So you're a vegan, eh?
Don't you have a forest fire to attend to?
Wait a minute... That's not Baloo
We're on the river cruise. Have you seen Mathiéu?
WAIT! Pretty soon we'll be conveniently served on a bagel any time at McDonalds.
I'll provide the dip, if you bring the chips.
I'm bearish about our chances of copulating upstream.
I think it's time to update our profiles on match.com.
So this is uptown.
I told you the GPS doesn't work here
We should have chosen abstinence.
Uh-oh, this should have been the stream not taken.
Move over Sam. He's on his way to Wall Street and he's in a big hurry.
It's aways like this when we go to visit your inlaws!
I wish I had taken more vacations.
You'd think natural selection would have fixed this by now.
Survival of the Delicious-est! ... Well, not quite.
Salmonella?
I thought you were still on Wall Street.
We're out of the salmon.
Smile for the Webcam.
Next year I'm going to try internet spawning.
And this is my wife Ella.
Looks like the market might slide.'
I've waited all winter for this. I'm starving.
Guess what? You shouldn't eat fish when you are pregnant! Please say you're pregnant..
Hey, Berry- long time no see. How's Barbara? How're the kids?
I'll distract him while you sneak around and give him a 'Welcome to the river tickle!'
Out of the way, I'm late for my abortion.
Yeah, bummer of an instinct
Look, Fred. They sent someone to welcome us home.
No, really! We were born in California!
Don't jump to conclusions.
Yes! Take me, and not my plump, delicious friend!
A friendly warning: we're both contaminated with high levels of mercury poison.
Carp! Just a couple of Carp!
Nuts and berries, they eat nuts and berries.
My prayers have been answered! They're actually swimming towards me now!
Look here ... I'm a sockeye salmon and that's exactly what you'll get if you even think about opening your mouth.
Yo, big guy! Mind givin us a hand here?
I told you we should have driven.
You'll find Mr. DiCaprio about a mile down river. Bon appetit!
Bear market
Don't eat me! I am on a diet!
Your name's not down, you're not coming in!
I said I wanted to meet Salman Rushdie on the street, not eat salmon run in a stream. Ducking autocorrect.
Lookout Herman, that fat S.O.B got Milford last year!
I told you December would be the start of a bear market
'Damn, my dream was to be sushi.'
Geez, I can only think of the universal caption!
Do you think he knows it's still Thursday?
I'm warning you - I'm from Flint.
Sorry, no sushi on today's menu.
Ugh! Waze fails us once again.
Turns out getting upstream is only half the battle.
Damn, another bear market.
What say we just stay down this end of the stream?
We really need to change are spawning ritual!
Would you believe I'm tainted with toxic chemicals?
Do I look farm-raised to you?
Prey.' 'Pray!
You didn't hear it from me officers, but your suspect is a bear named Grylls....
He says he's here because he's on on his way downriver to spawn, but I'm not sure I believe him.
Are you the new bouncer?
Let your fleeting appetite not interfere with my age-old work ethic.
This takes the thrill out of spawning.
Please don't take this personally.
And so we meet again.
OK, Bobby, it's time you started thinking for yourself. I'm going back.
I told you Hawaii was a better choice than the Scenic River Cruise!
Now will you stop and ask for directions?
'Swim upstream,' they said. 'There will be plenty of women,' they said.
Ooooo, a welcoming committee.
Looks like my omega-3 allowance is arriving.
Ah, at last we meet again, for the first time, the last time.
You're vegan now, right?
I don't care what you ordered, you're getting the salmon!
Hey Fred, I don't get the feeling he's looking for porridge.
Your shoelace is untied.
She's pregnant! Be quick, Ed! Tell her about the mercury study.
It's OK, we know the owner
You look delicious, but I'm dieting for my role in Revenant 2.
Once you fish burgers from trash cans, it's hard to go back.
I'm flattered, but you're not my type.
'I wish they hadn't gotten rid of those sneeze guards'
No, I don't need a ride the rest of the way.
I told you we should have just adopted.
I don't have to be faster than you, I just have to be faster than him.
I forgot my password.
Hello, can I talk to you about your relationship with Cod?
What's fish Friday?
OK, which one of you spawned this nightmare?
Your Tinder profile is way off.
This is so discouraging
Freddy you've grown! What's it been, 12 years?
Seriously though, no one follows Paleo anymore.
I totally misunderstood when you told me 'bear left'
I thought you said he went veggan!? --No, he's trying the paleo diet this week!
One way or another, we are all going down.
You're mother wants you to go home.
Didn't I tell you to always check Waze before leaving the house?
Hey, your shoe is untied!
Don't jump when his mouth is open.
This wasn't the final destination I had in mind.
Focus Barry. BE the fish. You are... a fish.
Whoa, there are still bears in the wilderness? That's cray.
No, you couldn't stay home and have a nice quiet romantic evening-you had to see the wild side upstream, didn't you?
Don't make me come down there after you.
You must have other fish to fry.
Great, as if swimming up stream wasn't hard enough!
You really need to start fishing responsibly !
Remind me, why is it that we start at the bottom of the stream?
And that right there is why you should buy travel insurance.
What does he want?
Well, this is the last time I'm going to ask you for directions!
Bear left. No! Right! Bear right!
We're looking for Leonardo....have you seen him around?
No, for real - Dicaprio's right behind you.
Remember, you don't like eggs.
What a time to become a vegetarian!!
You've got bigger fish to fry. I just saw a tow headed kid rummaging through your house.
You can forget about any future descendants .
Hey, you two. Your just in time for dinner.
I think you'd find me less appetizing if you knew what I'd been doing all day.
Yes, I know we're a cliche, but we're an iconic cliche.
Where is the damned dam!
So after my breakup my therapist told me there were plenty of fish in the sea.
Shouldn't you be on Wall Street?
Yes, we did see Leonardo DiCaprio going downstream.
If you reconsider, I think you'll find caviar to be far superior to salmon. It's a win-win
Sometimes I wonder if it's even worth the effort
Meh, spawning isn't all it's cracked up to be. Go on without me.
Well, my doctor said I should eat more you.
Lose your job at the stock exchange again?
Didn't you hear? We are a protected species.
We are not the salmon you are looking for.
Spawn, schwarm, I'm getting outta here!
You made the wrong turn at Albuquerque
How am I going to explain this in my Weight Watchers meeting?
Can I buy you a glass of Sancerre?
For the last time: You did not 'star' in The Revenant!
Let me live, or you die.
So yeah, since they shut down the other stream, the commute home has been a real bear.....AAAHH!!!
Do you suppose he's vegan?
On second thought, I think we should go with the flow.
The crow flies at midnight.
It's furrier than I thought.
Stop it! I'm gonna tell!
How about we wait until the dill sauce arrives?
I think now's a good time to start going with the flow!
Move quickly or we'll be tartare.
That's right.... Come to Pappa! Come to Pappa!
Believe me, the omega-3 found in seafood is wildly overrated.
Maybe going home is not such a big deal.
For the umpteenth time, why are you so afraid to ask for directions?!?!?
We're endangered, remember?
Sam and Janet, evening; they both see a strange bear and cross a crowed flume.
Be aware that Anything or anyone coming upstream is mine . . . ask my internet provider.
Hello, bear. Why oh why is this the same caption contest as last weeks?
Can we discuss the benefits of a vegan diet?
Jesus Christ Donald, it's Vladimir!!
Hitting the cap on our streaming plan is the worst.
That guy over there is non-GMO and antibiotic free!
It's ok Bill, he's one of the vegan ones
I say we go for it, he's probably just here for the scenery.
I'm very fishy.
Simple, I'm an Alpha and you are just a Beta.
I don't suppose you'd consider going vegetarian, would you?
Not now. I'm spawning.
You want a piece of me?
Be careful! This looks like the one that nearly eat Leonardo DiCaprio.
For the record, I WANTED to go down the falls today.
How's the vegetarian thing going?
Couldn't we have spawned in some cheap motel?
Trust me when I tell you that you're wasting your time.
The neighborhood sure seemed friendlier when we were kids.
Seriously? ‘Come here often?’ is your best pick up line?
The fish behind us are much lower in mercury.
The course of spawn never did run smooth.
You wouldn't like the freshwater.
Dam, look at that bass!
We’re streaming live from Wall Street.
You were fantastic in 'The Revenant'.
'Hey, wiseguy! Back off or we'll pump your guts full of lead,' barked the Flint fish.
Foreplay is what makes it so exciting.
Thanks a lot, Siri.
Welcome, Voters!
Damned, mommy was right: fighting my way upstream was indeed a bad idea.
You are obviously slumming. You had the chance to eat an entire movie star, and you blew it.
Look, darling, your Valentine's Teddy has just arrived!
I just came from Flint. You might want to re-think this.
These salmon don't run.
It turns out it really is the journey; not the destination.
Back off, buddy. We're from Flint.
I knew things were bleak when I smelled the red onion, lemon, black pepper, dill, sour cream, and capers already on his breath...
'You look nothing like the photo from your online dating profile'.
Nope. Farm-raised. Sorry.
Is the universal caption contest over? If not, I would like to submit this: 'So I'm not in Kansas any more.'
Go ahead. I'll be dead in an hour, anyway.
I'm eating them before they realise that rivers go down hill.
Going with or against the flow, it's a matter of perspective.
I told you we should've gone around the block.
Not salmon for dinner again!
Still feeling bullish about the future?
We haven't been tested for mercury yet.
Maybe we should use an app instead.
Back Off, I'm Frankenfish!
This is my idea of live streaming.
Suicide by bear.
Does this mean no improvement in the market forecast?
Why wasn't I born gay?
Well, this isn't what I expected when they said 'habitat restoration.'
I killed two fish with one groan.
Such a handsome bear! Hold that pose...
Well, at least it's not Leonardo DiCaprio.
I told you we should have taken the elevator.
But if I teach you to fish you'll eat for a lifetime
And you thought bears were an urban myth.
I was wondering how long to leave Oscar's glamour.
No thanks, we're not interested in any birth control.
... and then he said, 'I just have to run faster than you!' Haha. Whoa! Let me put on my sneakers!
You and your GPS...!
Carol, is all this foreplay really necessary?
Did I leave the oven on?
Karl...are we really ready for kids?
Can't we discuss this as one endangered species to another?
All I'm saying is that flaxseed oil has way more omega 3 fatty acids that salmon.
Boring.
I'm not that tasty without the lemon and pepper.
Can you tell us which way is downstream?
Tracing your roots is a wonderful thing but I really think we should have been warned.
Think for a second...You're endangered. We're full of mercury. Why risk it?
Wow, global warming really HAS changed how salmon look these days.
You grab his snout, Moe. I'll get 'im in the knees!
Quick, make yourself look bigger!
We're just your av-er-age salmon.
Is your friend farmed or wild?
And when you're done, remember not to swimming for at least a half-hour.
Awkward Silence
Upstream, upstream; go, go, go. Upstream, upstream; bite 'em on the nose.
20 hours of swimming upstream and all I get is a light bear?
In the woods! Do you hear me? In the woods, NOT in the river.
Mom warned us about this!
Gill, looks like you are a victim of the river-to-bear pipeline.
Looks like our upstream strategy for a bear market is doomed!
the scouting report says he can't go to his left.
My cartoonist friend put me here and I'm not moving an inch!
Seriously, benefits of Omega 3's are totally overhyped.
Wonderful. My own little Myth of Sisyphus.
Welcome back! How was your trip?
Let's jet out of here.
Bear to the right was not the best choice of words.
Unbearable
I'm just looking for love.
Would you use an app called 'Fin-der?'
You see 'The Revenant'?
Think he honors catch and release?
I want my lawyer.
Lean in!
You should know that new studies question the validity of much of the data about PCBs and farm raised salmon!
Wait, my mercury level is very high!
You go ahead - I suddenly don't feel like spawning anymore.
OK - you were right. We've definitely entered into a bear market.
God I hate Mondays!
One last time . . . All those wonderful teddy bear stories your father told you were lies.
Unbeknownst to the salmon, Ben was only interested in a starring contest.
On second thought, maybe I can live a fulfilled life without children of my own.
Hey Grizz, back off ! I'm salmon ELLA !
The redcoats are coming!
You don't want me... There's a guy behind me covered in cream cheese stuck in a bagel!
Salmon is so upstream right now.
Well look who isn't afraid of water anymore
Oh, great, if dying after sex wasn't enough!
I think this is where we become fertilizer.
Welcome to the top of your food chain.
One thing first ... What is Leo really like?
Damn it, I knew I should have froze my eggs!
Well if you haven't seen him, could you at least help us look?
I'm suing Travelocity over this!
Don't forget, 'What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger!'
I said Schlit Creek, Harry!
Play dead and maybe he won't notice us.
Wow! Terry, is that you?
We're just fry. You may want to wait for our parents.
I don't know about you, but this new workout will be death of me!
We'd rather you try pâté.
Trump's proposed Alaskan Border Patrol Policy
Fair warning, we're GMO .
Eat Nick—he's sushi grade.
Don't do it - I'm from Flint.
Just so you know, we're neither vegan nor locally sourced.
They can do amazing things with tofu, you know.
One wrong step and you'll be floating downstream! We are swimming upstream that's just what we do.
You realize, if National Geographic is taping a special, your screwed.
It's meatless Monday!
I'd turn back if I were you.
Don't forget, Billy, if he blinks first, we win.
I told you to go with the flow!!
I'm farm raised - not wild caught!
When you said 'uphill battle'...
Outta my way, I need upstream to get some!
I also ordered a California roll.
This is what you call an upstream battle.
I should've waited for the tour guide.
Make yourself appear larger and back away slowly.
Salmon Jedi: These are not the fish you're looking for.
Where the hell am I? Is this the way back to the farm?
Bear in mind, from here on, it's an uphill battle.
...and you are sure I will get an Oscar nod.
Quick! Bear left - uh, no, bear right!!
Personally, I prefer Durkheim's theories on social solidarity.
'Downstream........200 yards........'Revenant 2' auditions.....hurry... their waiting for you!
This is the concierge level. sorry, but you'll need a key card to continue.
I knew we should have staid in Flint.
I am just full of gluten, I swear.
Hope he's a Vegan.
Your wife called. She said to not bother coming home unless you have dinner for the entire family.
Next time say 'Turn around!,' not 'Go with the flow!
Is this not metaphor enough for you?
Wait - we're genetically modified!
Maybe I should focus on my career instead of having kids
Here fishy, fishy...here fishy, fishy...
There are plenty of fish in the sea...I swear!
Spawning? Well, grin and bear it.
Oh look Marge, there's a bear to greet us up the stream.
Is it true, what they say about bears in the woods?
Is this the road to Mandalay?
Sorry, we're not the rebellious, striving type that likes to swim upstream.
Darn, it's $9.99 per month to upgrade to the premium bear-free up-streaming service...
Are you sure we're necessities?
Might you know if this is the way to the 72 virgins?
Toughen Up! P90Fish isn't for guppies!
You're supposed to be on Wall Street.
And you said we were lucky fish.
One fish; two fish; BEAR!
The woods were not a big enough toilet for you?
Can we interest you in a PETA membership?
have you seen 'a river runs through it'?' 'i hate that movie
That was the end of Solomon Grundy
I'm having second thoughts about this spawning business
Her clock is ticking- can I hit you on the way back?
May we tell you the good news about...
Don't you have campers to maul somewhere?
turn around very slowly and we won't hurt you
I told you we should have learned the back stroke
I KNEW IT WOULD BE SALMON TIME.
I told you it was dangerous uptown. But noooo! That's where the chicks are, you said.
Wrong way, big fella!
You'll never be a big fish in a small pond.
This will teach me to get into the fast lane to spawn.
A talking fish will buy you a lot of honey.
JUMP! It's only a mirage!
Look! Behind you.
The odds are with us!
No, Fred, it's not the Uber.
You absolutely suck in every way possible.
I'm not just a piece of meat, you know.
It's a long way from FUKASHIMA!
Well Petey boy if I don't make it to the big spawn please tell Gwen and all the girls hi for me .Oh ! and my bottle cap collection is yours.
They didn't say anything about this in the brochure.
So, looks like Darwin was right.
Maybe, we are better off staying downstream.
I know you're upset, but your performance just wasn't as good as Michael Fassbender's.
Going up? Going down!
You better think it over. We just escaped from a farm.
Why yes, I am hoping for the Oscar nomination this year!
Don't worry. I hear most consumers prefer farmed over wild caught.
Vegan is much healthier
I thought upstream was safe space.
Let us go now, and the returns are going to be great!
I hear we're up for best supporting role in The Revenant!
You try doing this you big galoot
I dunno. Instinct, I guess. What about you?
Two for lunch my good man!
Gatekeepers, nothing but goddamn gatekeepers.
It's easy. Just 'Follow the Leader.'
How 'bout we forego the native waters for that nice little bend in the river back there?
Next time, let's drive.
have you tried going 'vegan' ???
sh*t I think he sees me
You’ve never had venison?
Sorry dear. Given the same ending, I just don't have the energy for all that stuff.
No sweat, we're an endangered species.
Better not eat me. I'm full of mercury.
Uhh, we're just searching for Plan B
Whose bright idea was this 'going up stream' business?
I told you swimming upstream is overrated!
Id did not do it. It is her
It's OK - he's from the E.P.A.
Where do you think YOU'RE going?
We ordered trip insurance.
Well, what did you expect, little red riding hood?
Uhhh, Eat Mor Chikin?
I told you we should have turned left!
This seems a little fishy.
Just say 'Boo Bear' and Dive Dive.
I just think the genetics argument is a joke. All I know is I choose to do this.
As I was saying a moment ago...
I'm warning you, I know karate.
Holy mackerel!
We thought that you would be more focused on your ground game.
Suddenly I'm seeing the point of planned parenthood.
This is why I love Fire Island.
That GMO disclaimer didn't say anything about this!
Hello, Lunch.
Fine, Honey, I'll ask for directions.
I told you to take a left at Buffalo!
I'm part of the assisted suicide program.
Bears are not very smart. Just keep talking and tell him that the bigger slower easier to catch fish are are on their way and he should get ready for them.
Hey look, it's the star of The Revenant!
Eat your heart out. We're on the endangered species list.
'Swim upstream and spawn' sounded a whole lot better in theory.
Salmon, party of two.
COME ON IN. THE LEAD IS FINE.
Wait just a minute - the sashimi is up next.
I signed a petition against you, but I'm hungry.
Don't stand there.
Have you heard of bioaccumulation?
Think you can take me? I'll spawn on your grave tough guy.
We all saw what happened to Leo...I'm outta here.
I don't remember this on the way down.
Hey, I was told this was a correction!
I told you we should have spawned in that pool.
Try and see it from our point of view.
trust me, you’ll want to check your mercury levels
Swim and spawn, and bears, oh my!
Woah! Hold up, chum!
Honestly guys, I think you're doing it wrong.
Deal, I'll come for Jungle Book, and you'll watch Finding Dory with me.
How romantic, Sally! Sex and death!
I don't know why, Ted, I just want to jump into his mouth. He must be visualizing it.
It's he or a New Yorker, you pick.
Better pass me by, Mr. Bear. I'm just getting back from a year in the Flint River.
Pick him, he'd taste better
Do you suppose he likes to babysit?
Smokey! Quick! Behind you! A forest fire!
Sorry, but I was taught, give a bear a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a bear to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Have you heard the one about the million fry?
go right ! go right ! take this exit ! take this exit !
So you want to swim up waterfalls? Twelve months on a soy-based diet and it's easy cheese.
Big bear - big dipper . . . big deal !
It's our new hood, and there's the welcome wagon!
Damn, I guess it is true. You really can't go home again.
Bear regretted becoming a vegan but still liked getting his feet wet.
Are you sure Google Maps said this was the best route back to our spawning grounds?
I said, “Let’s take the new fish ladder.” But you said, 'No that’s socialism.' Didn’t you, Harold?
Wait until we finish spawning.
Ain't nobody got time for this.
You did NOT do the bear mauling scene in the Revenant; it was CGI.
This is a no standing zone Monday-Friday, 2-6 PM.
Oh, great. Now I'll die a virgin.
Just gimme your paw!
Two of us, one a you; you likin them odds?
Polo!...ah dammit.
I'm having that adjunct feeling again.
So then I told Denise, 'look, I'm sorry. I know she's your sister, but she keeps hooking up with these losers again and again, and when she gets dumped you're the one who's left picking up the pieces every ti...' FUCK, A BEAR!
Who's bright idea was it to have us swim upfield ?
Remind me....what's a pesca-vegetarian?
Move it, Bub! The missus and I've got a heavy date just upstream, I don't have time for a date with destiny.
I hope this is a catch and release river
This? This is what I come home to?
The view was not worth the trip.
You did hear that too much omega-3 can cause hair loss, right?
Well how was I supposed know it was Bear Week?
Can I see your passports please?
Bear Buffet
All that mindfulness training, and it comes to this...
Nan, nanny, nan....you can't catch me,
So what? Can you think of a better way to spawn?
The original streaming services.
My dad once wrestled a bear over the Niagara Falls.
Come on in!
Well, at least it's a reverse commute.
It must be the welcoming committee.
It's two against one, he doesn't have a chance.
did you remember to buy the trip insurance?
Sal, this is not what I meant by Big Bear weekend escape…
We're not organic, I swear!
You're endangered, I'm endangered. Let's just leave it at that.
I usually eat ones like you for lunch. However, since you are my friends I'll let it slide this time.
There is no free gill!
... but oh, no--you just had to go ALL the way upstream.
We work for tips.
OMG I loved you in The Revenant!
Tell him we've got Salmonella!
You wanna bite me, buddy? There's me buddy!
C'mon little fishies. I'm waiting here with baited breath.
Why, yes. I'm endangered, but he's not.
Hey .. How about that game last night?
But you said you were a vegan...
Could'a swore that statue just moved.
I am gluten free
It's called 'menage à trout.'
I would suggest you buy a net.
Are you farmed or fresh caught?
Pardon me, but do you know the way to San Jose?
Hey sweet thing! You come here often?
How about I introduce you to my good friend...Better Tasting Fish.
Show me your fishing license, please.
Sheesh! And they say brain size is proportional.
How's the weather down there?
Well it looks like we're swimming up sh** creek, Bob.
Looks like being without a paddle is the least of our worries!
Now you see why we Pisces get so damned depressed.
This is why we Pisces get so damned depressed!
I understand why they call us 'prey'
I don't know what it all means either. I'm just hungry.
Bear-ly missing the Live Stream.
Can you check the map again, please? I'm pretty sure that we've lost our bearings!
too bad I am on that nut and berry diet..
Have you ever considered dietary supplements as a source for omega-3 fatty acids?
The un-bear-able lightness of feed
I told you we shouldn't have hired that life coach
A Catholic Bear on a Friday During Lent? Can I tell you about the benefits of Hinduism?
You have to try harder.
Have the zika virus!
I told you we shouldn't have traveled upstream!
Genetically modified! Genetically modified!
this is going to ruin our entire honeymoon......!!
You're looking for Goldilocks, not golden lox!
Aww.....I just spawned
Penelope, I don't care that the sign said no u-turn.
Sorry but I'm afraid your caption didn't win.
There's been a recall.
the party's over
Excuse me, is this the Columbia?
'The return of the bear market is also undesirable for salmon'
Optimism is: 'There he is, again.' 'No worries, our chances are better than 50-50.'
Can I see your fishing license, please?
Thought you were great in The Revenant, what's next for you?
Is that your cell phone?
This is the last time we use Apple Maps.
Ever try working for a living?
This spawning stuff is not what it's cracked up to be.
No, we're farmed fish who escaped. The wild fish told us to go first so we can get a good start on our getaway.
I think we're out of lox.
Hi, my name is Ella -- Salmonella.
Is keeping our species alive so damned important?
Hi, I am Drizzly, your new neighbor!
Swim on. I'm trying a GMO free diet.
No, I still don't know who I'm voting for! I mean, Jeez, talk about being overbearing...
Yes, I'm packed full of Omega - 3 's.
What is this doing in the sahara desert?
No problem, i'll just sockem in the eye.
Have you heard the one about the two fish that walk into bear?
Can you give me a break, I only get some once a year
It's tough to be upwardly mobile in a bear market.
Finally
Don't worry - they only eat the skin. I haven't moisturized in weeks.
Let the next generation deal with spawning, I am out of here.
I'm mostly carbs, honest!
Please don't make any fish puns - their unbearable
I would reconsider, Thunder Thighs.
I knew that liberal arts degree would come in handy
Teach the kids how to swim downstream!
'Timothy....this is what I call a bear market'
I hope this is one of those out-of-the-body experiences.
Which of you has been contemplating on suicide? or Oh, Bear, sir, I hate my life, I want to die!
Deny, Meany, Miney, Mo CTch a salmon...
When I applied for this fast food delivery position, I wasn't expecting such a short-term career.
That's what we get for trusting our instincts.
Three years and a thousand miles for the promise of a female. I knew it was a fairy tale.
That's the last time I let you navigate.
The reproductive training course said 'upstream' not 'down throat'
Stop complaining. I told you the last part of this trip would feature self-catering.
Double patience for the Tuna twins.
We'll catch you on our way back.
This is the South Fork of Fish Creek. You want the North Fork. That's where you'll find the tastiest salmon.
'Yea, 'Go with the flow' was too cliche for you.
Outta my way, Big Boy! I’ve got a date with destiny.
Didn't you say the app would let us know when there was a bear along our route?
Are you familiar with catch and release?
Upward mobility can be hazardous.
'You really don't want to mess with a couple of bad basses.'
Looks like we missed the last free exit.
Can you catch me on the way back?
Would it kill you to give me a lift?
I'm flexible. Let's go with the flow.
Checking in for the campaign photo audition? Across the stream and to the left.
I can stand here all day
No I was farm raised.
I know what you're thinking, punk, did I eat six salmon or was it only five?
I think he wants to put his thumb on my scales.
So, do you swim here often?
The things males do to spawn!
You guys serving any tilapia today?
I am lower in Omega 3 than my friend over there!
Hey big fella, can you give me a hand?
Isn't that thoughtful. A cuddly welcome wagon.
You should see the size of the one behind us.
I told you to stop for directions.
You're looking for the wild caught. We're the farm raised.
Bear to the left! Bear to the left! NO... Your other left!
I really need to stop using google maps.
I told you, the upstream market is looking bearish.
I'm telling you, salmon pink is more fashionable than bear brown.
not sure if up stream is a good idea.
Quit one-upping me Steve! You know I'm not allowed to go up stream!
Okay. Now I get why swimming upstream is such a bad idea.
Hopes dashed, he suddenly found himself in a bear market.
Bears aren't very sportsmanlike.
Did I ever tell you that you look good in brown?
You've no doubt heard of PCBs.
Did you leave Pooh in the woods?
The confession booth is one mile upstream! Can't this wait?
Please don't eat me, you'll die! I have salmon-ella!
Catch-22
Aren't you supposed to be in the woods?
Oh well, we were gonna die in a few days anyway!
We contain GMO's!
...And then Bernie and Trump swim right past Bureaucracy the Bear!
30 miles upstream and this is what we get?
You'd think we'd learn by now!
Are you streaming this?
One salmon's bear at the waterfall's top is just another man's light at the tunnel's end.
That fish to my right says he can KICK your ass!
You're going to want to avoid getting too much mercury in your diet.
Can't we all just get along?
The guys downstream look great.
Oy! So much for your 'casual swim upstream'!
I told you we were better off back on the farm!
'My Counselor told me to stop swimming upstream'!
Do you ever worry about mercury consumption?
Sorry. I was expecting someone a little less...carnivorous.
The trick is to outswim you, not the bear.
I forgot the paddle!' Or 'you forgot the paddle?
Swimmin' upstream ain't the half of it!
I have to be certain you are gluten free.
Don't mind that thing - it's an inflatable decoy sponsored by Planned Parenthood.
We're from Fukushima.
There's bears up there.
Fish: 'Can you let me off the hook, Tom? For old times' sake?' Bear: 'Can't do it, Sally'
Technically he's outnumbered.
I smell smoke!
If you spare me, I will lead you to our all-you-can-eat buffet.
I'll jump if you jump.
You don't look at all like your Tinder picture.
You know, if it isn't one thing , it's another.
Didn't you know that was one-way stream?
In my past life, I should have thrown it back.
Not me, I'm endangered.
Whoever said I only needed to be faster than you to outrun a bear was dead wrong...
Do you like mercury?
Choosing your own path doesn't seem like such a good idea now, does it Frank?
What are the chances that this guy's a vegan?
Too bad for you Yogi, fishing season ended two weeks ago.
Marvin, listen up. You go right and I'll go left.
Fish: What do you want? Bear: Just talking over finger food...
There's a fabulous sale today on farm-raised.
Well Larry, this is what we get for playing hookie..
I'd say we've each got a 50/50 chance.
If you close your eyes, I'll show you a big surprise.
The innocence always work hard while the clever eats.
In that case can you at least tell me whether bears do crap in the woods?
For the sake of full disclosure, you should know I'm a GMO.
Did you read Sunday's New York Times? We are no longer a Superfood.
Look, pal. This is the river of no return.
Spare me now and get more next year.
Actually, the benefits of omega-3 fatty acids have been greatly exaggerated.
Yes, it is a bear, but the water still flows so it's not a 'dam bear'.
he doesn't look like a vegetarian
We're high in mercury, just saying
What say we break the cycle of violence, starting now?
Not salmon, again!
Every year this happens! We really should consider spawning downstream...
Bite one, second one free
Sustainable development is itself the stupefying height of human folly. To envision a future in which ecological apocalypse is staved off by globalized capitalism, its very cause, indicts humanity unto extinction. u fucked leo lmfao.
Oh no we're dammed.
I'm up for it, but only if you're the fall guy.
Don’t worry, he only does that in the woods
I'm too big , he's too small but the next fish will be juuuuuuust right!
Excuse me sir, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, Jesus Christ?
After what you did to Leo, I'm outta here.
Oh, just relax. It's not real.
This spring has been more bearish than I anticipated.
Didn't I see you in 'The Revenant?'
What if I told you hunger was an illusion?
Would it make a difference if I said I just swam in from Flint?
You took more than fifteen minutes. Does that mean this order is free?
Excuse me waiter, is the Salmon Fresh?
'The party's over, we're on the endangered species list'.
Yeah, Leo's stunt double doesn't get catering either.
Hello, from the other side.
Am I supposed to catch you
Uh-oh, looks like they fish in the woods too.
Lassie needs help. She's stuck in the swell.
The ecologists are wrong: Obviously we're in a food chain rather than a food web.
EAT ME! (Dumb-ass)
Has anyone explained mercury poisoning to you?
Your not going to believe this, but actually I was farm raised.
Come and get us
I guess I'm taking one for the team here.
Don't go chasing waterfalls Please stick to the rivers and the lakes that you're used to I know that you're gonna have it your way or nothing at all But I think you're moving too fast
It's OK.. look at that sweet face.. she would never eat GMO salmon.
You might e Hey there big fella, you might want to rethink your diet - we are high in fatty lipids, and spent the last three years absorbing mercury near three mile island.
Careful, Frank, or we'll soon be finding out what he does in the woods.
You know, I think spawning is really overrated!
I think I've reached the glass ceiling.
Heaven... or hell?
Move over -- your blocking the passing lane!
Should we try a rush?
Darn-- I forgot my filet knife again!
I'll remind you that the Geneva Convention expressly forbids this sort of thing.
ARE YTOU TRUMP OR CRUZ?
Hang on, Roy's got the lemons.
Pardon me.
Have you seen the latest studies about mercury levels in wild salmon?
Let us pass or we will call Sarah Pallen.
Talk about swimming up stream, and not getting anywhere!!!!!!!!!!
Aren't you aware of the risks of food borne illnesses from eating raw animal food?
Ugh. Furries!
Smokey in the left lane, that's a big 10-4
Obviously he doesn't understand the dangers of traversing moving water...........
You know, my friend over here is actually the high jump champion of our school.
I have a very high Mercury content!
Enough! I'm gonna come back as a trout.
Remember Fukushima?
The real salmon run starts next week. If you eat now you'll just spoil your appetite.
Miley's here.
You're going the wrong way! It's UP-stream, buddy. Just follow us.
Those damned lemmings mislead everyone.
Didn't Nietzsche say you need to ride the bear?
Fresh seafood delivery.
I hate it when they live stream the feed.
I think you're exaggerating the dangers of farmed salmon
Mom said we can't stay out past five today.
I'm thinking, do I really want offspring?
Actually if you just leap over my nose you will be okay.
Would it seem patronizing if I reminded you that it is not so much the destination as it is the journey?
TURN AROUND!
You pestered me to get directions. Happy now?
On the other hand, it's amazing what they're doing with CGI.
We picked a hellava time to swim upstream...Friday, during Lent !!!
Swimming upstream is hard enough without you standing in the way.
I think that perhaps we should jut go with the flow.
Honey, I think we might need to reschedule baby night.
Feel free to go first
Trust me, I wouldn't taste good. I'm full of seed.
In that moment, they realized that their awkward run-ins at the supermarket weren't so bad after all
F.Y.I., my buddy here is mercury-free.
Where the hell is Ben Carson when we need him?
Come on! We're on our honeymoon.
I don't have to swim faster than the bear - I just have to swim slower than you.
THIS BEAR MARKET ISN'T GOING AWAY ANYTIME SOON
QUICK SIMON...DO YOUR SHARK IMITATION!!!
'Going with the flow might have been a better option'
But Leonardo DiCaprio is downstream.
Not to worry. It's the bears' defense.
Better luck next time !
Love these happy hour apps
Do you mind? It's stand right, walk left.
Suddenly I feel like Cam Newton.
Just take a few more steps down and you'll be able to reach us. No really. Why would I lie?
Didn't I see you two years ago?
You're barely streaming!
No spawn camping!
It was nice chatting with you, but I really need to go lay some eggs.
1. Wow! I can Bearly deal with this... 2. Dear, just Bear with me... 3. Grin and Bear it.... 4. Damn, son, this is just unbearable...
Marco and Ted. Nice to see you.
BACK OFF! IT ISN'T FRIDAY.
Mother Nature's stock market.
Well, if you two insist.
This spawning thing is a hard roe to hoe!
Wade vs roe.
Leonardo DiCaprio is after your kids! Quick, get an agent!
Wait for my fatter sister who's just behind.
Harold, 99% Invisible said there is a Fish Cannon on this river, go grab it.
Please, which did the others go?
Spare me now, and your cubs can kill and eat my returning roe. Deal?
No, we're not gluten-free.
I know...I know. I should have taken the whole adoption thing more seriously.
Don't have any sevens! Go fish!
I told you we should have taken a left turn!
Move over, big boy!
Hey Pals, stop starting at me!
The eternal struggle ... the haves vs. the strivers.
Nah Nah! Your mother is a squirrel!
I'll distract him. You go for the throat!
I told you the C line would be rerouted this weekend!
As we agreed, behind me is your delivery. I'm selling them up the river.
Was Leonardo tasty?
'Let's go to the woods', she said. 'We'll meet Bear Grylls', she said!
Ooh, I've been dying to see The Revenant!
Janey you're now a star on animal planet
Don't worry, I saw him hugging a tree earlier.
I don't think he's a vegetarian, do you?
I think I just spawned all over myself.' 'Cod dam it.
The photographer is to my right. Let's get the shot this time and call it a day.
We're downstream suppliers.
The POV lane is downstream.
I thought, when you said, 'bear to the left'....
We've from the Pasaic -- I'm just sayin'.
Drat! I forgot my password again!
I should warn you that I swam here from Flint, Michigan.
Oh you come up here for your anniversary too?
Didn't we just come from the Bear-ing Sea?! I told you that GPS is sending us round in circles!
No! Don't take the bait!
Don't splash me, Helen.
Waiting for Leo
It was at that point that the fish decided the deck was really stacked against them.
You know, I've been thinking, Chris. We swim and swim and at the end of the spawn - what is it all for?
Looks like you can bear-ly catch us!
Migrate they said. It's what you do. Thanks a lot nature.
Looks like a Kodiak moment
On second thought, I think I'd prefer to remain childless....
Hi there! Two for dinner?
This isn't the way 'grin and bear it' is supposed to work!
Don't even think about it. I'm more endangered than you.
This is going to be a bear of a day
Take a break from the farm, we'll have a few laughs.
How's the fishing?
What do you mean Alice doesn't live here anymore?
How grizzly.
See, this is why I don't go home for the holidays.
I told you that we should have asked for directions.
Excuse me...excuse me? Uh-oh! (Roham, 10 years old)
Was' Up ?
Farmers Insurance - Boop a Doop Boop Boop Boop Boop Boop
'Are you falling in love with me or are you meditating?'
First we swim for days to get to this stupid river, then throw our bodies upriver for days, with nothing to eat, then a quicky, and we die. And now, we have to deal with this stupid son of a wooly mammoth. I tell you its just not fair!
Back flip now, Bro, STAT!
There's way more to eat at the Teddy Bear's picnic.
There's a much bigger fish right behind me!
We've had a belly full of you!
Remember when I told you he was vegan? I got that confused with gluten-free.
Sushi. Really?
The saga of student loan debt
Bear: Sup Fish: What's up?
Should we pretend to be dead?
This Bear market will be the death of us...
I can see why online spawning has become so popular.
Come here often?
You are late for lunch
Where's your conscience? I'm not sustainable!
There is no free lunch. I have worms.
Are you sustainable?
Taco Tuesday?
Listen... the rapids seem to say, 'Try the charcuterie'
Who did you expect...the Easter Bunny?
Give us a hand?
I'm waiting for the red fish blue fish!
Damn! Oh well. Still beats the Flint River.
You won't get lucky this time.
Can you please direct me to the ladder.
As your physician , I recommend more fresh vegetables and whole grains.
If you let me go, I've got a timeshare upstream you can borrow.
No problem. Downstream works for us.
I should have taken the stairs.
How far to the Kilchers?
We talked about it. We're freshwater fish at heart, the kids'll be happier up here.
Don't you have a date with Leo?
Shh maybe he can't see us
He's still there, Sally. Let's get a room and see if we can wait him out. We might get lucky.
Watch out! It's a 'bear,' up there. No , really, it's a bear.
What a turn-off.
You'll get better value if you eat my offspring.
We're not FDA approved.
So this is what I get for going boldly in the direction of my dreams.
Excuse me, sir. Is this uptown local?
Score! Still my favorite spot for sushi delivery.
Sorry honey. Suddenly, I'm no longer in the mood.
Just so you know, I'm not kosher.
I'll give you five bucks to look the other way, pal.
Survival of the fishest.
No, but I hear there's a great porridge place nearby, if you like porridge.
GO FISH !! GET IT ?! GO FISH !! WE DARE YOU !!!
That fish broker we met was right. All indicators are heading toward bearish territory!
I never thought I'd say it Wanda, but I miss that dam ladder
Actually, I'm 100% soy.
Back off, big bear. Eat me and you'll get salmonella!
Ready to catch-22 fish?
When they said bear left, that’s what I did!
Sir . . . Is this the Right Way? Frank won't stop.
Before you indulge in some seafood gluttony, how ya doing with the food pyramid?
Hah! He fell for it! Now you charge him, while I sneak around behind...
Was he with another bear or not?
Oh no, he's looking at me! If he does eeny, meeny, miny , moe, I'm fish du jour. Better suggest rock, paper, scissors to increase my chances.
Sid, cross your fins for luck and appear small. He may look for bigger fish than fry!
Can I take your order?
I'll grant you, life on the fish farm did have its advantages.
We're push-push and can't eat. So Bug-Off
Oscar season
Fresh water fish should not be eaten raw.
We're fully booked and not seating anybody without a reservation.
Well! Don't just stand there, give us a paw.
Are you unleaded?
Going up or down?
What's a bear doing in the middle of our stream?
I don't have to outswim the bear! I just have to outswim . . . oh, wait. . . shit.
'...on second thought, I don't want to play 'Catch' '. Submitted by Neil L. Sachs Monmouth Junction, NJ
Only dead fish go with the flow while about to die go against it.
So did you get nominated for 'The Revenant?
I'm a vegetarian
Quick, tell him about your infection.
My way or the highway.
They said there'd be a deluxe apartment here.
Oh Bob? Our GPS didn't update!
Psst... I know where the honeys at!
Honestly, I prefer farm raised.
I wish I spent more time at work.
Hi Girls, time for breakfast!
I'm drowning in those brown eyes!
Big fish - strike. Small pond - strike. Hungry bear - check.
Too late did Mickey Fish realise that his social media friend made a typo when she posted 'beer ahead!'
It may be time to reconsider my veganism.
This would explain our stock losses.
Oh, sure... that's not far from here. Just jump in my mouth and take a left.
If I wasn't vegan I'd eat you.
not on my watch buddy
I thought you were vegan!
Leadership skills, For Dummies.
I thought you said they were still hibernating
And we farm-raised salmon are high in pesticides. Boy has that affected my spawning. You don't want that.
I heard the markets are bearish, but come on!
Who are you calling 'shrimp'?
Personally I found your acting to be a bit heavy-handed.
I got two words for you...vision zero.
Swimming upstream doesn't always get you where you want to go.
I know I don't look it, but I'm farm raised.
This waterfall is un-bear-able.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Excuse me, we're on our honeymoon.
Do you mind? We're on our honeymoon.
Will God really forgive our sins?
Would you like to take part in our marketing survey?
Are you the ground game?
I can take him on! Watch me! Come and Get me you oversize teddy bear!
No, thank you. I am a vegan now.
Hello, Sashimi
You don't want me, I saw a Salmon go that way!
Hi, we're campaigning for Jeb Bush!!
I must admit you have the best delivery service of any restaurant, and the freshest seafood.
Are you the Trump Bear, whose coming was foretold?
I'm just loaded with gluten.
Sam and Janet spawning. They both see a strange bear and cross a clouded flume.
'Make America great again'?' Yeah, right. I wanna see America with better fish than this.
C'mon! We got a whole lotta spawnin' goin' on.
Sir - you are in the vegan line.
I thought we had EZ Pass!
Omega-3 fatty acids are highly overrated.
What? The GPS said 'Bear Left' in 30 feet...
Watch me flip him off.
Would you like to enter the 'Jump the closest to the bear's mouth' contest?
There can be worse things than swimming upstream.
For your entree today, sir, we highly recommend the venison.
Damned if we do, dammed if we don't...
You should wait for the bagels and cream cheese.
I don't remember this part on the way down.
I told you we should go with the flow, but Nooooo!
I don't need to swim faster than the bear--I just need to swim slower than you!
Monday morning in the bear market
Small world, your grandfather ate my grandfather and Timothy Treadwell.
Seriously, you're looking at this the wrong way ....
Not really, Sam, I only need to out swim you.
My advice is to grin and bear it.
We're so full of mercury your fur will fall out in clumps.
Pardon me sir, you are impeding our relentless spawning ritual, kindly step aside.
I should have used Tinder.
If you could only see things my way ...
Wait, think of the food miles!
Who does your brows?
I'm a firm 'NO' on the Keystone XL.
Aw man, we've Bear-ly started
I told you it's the bear market...
Strength in numbers
Yours is a grizzly tale.
Would it matter if I told you I was farm raised?
How long has it been since you brushed your teeth?
A school of fish meets the School of Hard Knocks.
You wouldn't be a vegan by any chance?
Now THAT is what I'd call a fish out of water.
This furry brown rock slows the current! Follow me!
Eh too hairy, let's wait for the next one...
One fish, two fish, red fish, dead fish.
They said lots of available women. Didn't say nothin about this guy.
Started from the bottom. Should have stayed.
You distract him, Leonard, and I'll go for the throat.
Play it again Sam: Salmon enchanted evening...
You see hunny, this is why I never ask for directions
They're right behind me, thousands of them, focus.
I haven't read this Shakespeare, but I think we should exit.
We bear a grudge--we don't want to be eaten.
And you think we're the fish out of water!
Going up or going down?
This is totally killing the mood.
Online left discourse has finally reached some zero point wherein all appeals to material politics can be rendered as oppressive in the language of identity politics. LOL, wait a sec -- did you fuck Leo, dude?
Last time we listen to your gut, Frank.
An ignominious end indeed.
I will never trust Google Maps again.
We're gonna build a wall that bears are gonna pay for!
Look, fish, that BBC film crew over there won't hang around for ever, so this time, just please concentrate and jump straight into the mouth; not around the mouth, not back into the river...into the mouth
Wishing we were farm raised.
I'll bet that Singles Bar would have a lot more business if it were located downstream.
The web has exsanguinated monoculture and, thereby, deliberative democracy. All positions are equally valid, and none can be reproached without damage. We’ve replaced the tyranny of the state with the tyranny of 9 billion grasping selves. u fuck leo?
Ya know, spawning downstream this year might not be such a bad idea after all...
Out of my way, bitch!
One fish, two fish, dinner.
FYI: I hail from the Flint River.
Don't you bear!
New around here, or just part of the local bear market?
Juke. He can't move to his right.
Pisces (born February 19 – March 20) It's time to go with the flow if you want to avoid unpleasant interpersonal conflict.
The BIG fish are behind us!
I don't have to jump higher than the bear, Morty, I just have to jump lower than you!
Hey bud...could I see your fishing license?
Mr. Bigfoot, my spawning grounds are just behind you, so please step aside.'
Not so fast, big guy, better check our mercury level!
Upgrading my streaming services to avoid buffering was a mistake.
I'm gonna kick Crawford's ass
Watch me kick this bear's ass.
They sent me up here to negotiate a settlement.
Go for the other one. He's younger and tastes better.
This is why I never went back to the old neighborhood.
Hey, you guys want a part in The Revenant?
Don't panic, let's go over the list. 'When traveling through bear country, keep all food in air-tight containers.' Looks like it's time for the ziplocks.
Wanna switch sides?
(expletive)
So close and yet so far...
'Relax... I'm just gonna ask him if we're going the right direction'.
How about showing some ambition this time, big fellah?
Upstream, huh? Thanks a lot, guys--you just lost me a bet.
I'm taking one for the team.
Personally, I believe the benefits of a seafood diet are highly over-rated.
1. ' Last Time I Use Waze!' 2. ' You and Your Shortcuts!'
Didn't you have sushi yesterday ?
You've got to be shittin' me.
A private romantic getaway, eh?
Could you eat her ? She's wild. I escaped from an Atlantic farm..
Oh hello there... What a GREAT day for porridge!!
Don't listen to him, Mikey! Bearacuda are not our friends!
That last shot was okay, but we're really going to need more of that 'ferocious open mouth' look to make this work.
I'm starting to wonder about this whole ZIRP thing...
I hate these photo ops!
Don't worry... He's not here to eat us. He's just here to watch us do it.
Closer, Clarice.
He's hyuuge, but I'm hoping he underperforms his poll numbers.
You're no Ewan McGregor!
You guys aren't great at going with the flow, huh?
Is this a bear market?
Do you have a government-issued hunting and fishing license?
We should've expected this. Haven't you been reading the Journal?
Sometimes you're the windshield... sometimes you're the bug.
I told you not to follow Mapquest.
Hey guys...do you want to be pan fried or grilled
I told you no swimming upstream makes no sense.
Sorry, we can't spawn when others watch.
Hey Hon, I'm good spawning right here
Salmon? We're Chinese lionfish!
I knew your mom
Well, when life throws you fish...
Thanks for scaring off those humans.
All my elderly elatives warned me about this.
So much for exercising regularly...
So not worth the effort
Yes, we want to enter your territory to have our babies, but we're not from Mexico...
There they stood...eye to sockeye.
Got a paddle?
Sushi today!
Spare me and I'll give you my five thousand firstborn.
Forget the suburbs--this commute is killing me.
Mom never told me about this.
Remember when I asked 'What if there's a bear?' and you said 'Would 5,000 years of genetic evolution steer us wrong?'
I hope this bear is a vegetarian.
Don't just stand there, can you gimme a hand up?
Now we're in for it. I told you we shouldn't leave school early.
If you find anything good to eat, let minnow.
My friend here may look skinny, but he has more omega-3s
I'm much bonier than that guy.
FYI - I invented Salmonella.
I'm starting to get bearish on this river.
OK De Niro, Travis Bickle could not have said it better…”Now I see this clearly. My whole life is pointed in one direction. There never has been a choice for me.”
Damn you GPS!
I didn't say turn left, I said BEAR left.
I'm bony and farm raised on GMO plants and my use by date was last month.
Piece of Cake. Now that none of our ancestor had failed.
You don't know what I'll spawn.
Hey, my buddy over there has more Omega-3s.
Go Cubs!
Do you accept Jesus into your heart?
I just peed in the water. You're probably gonna want to get out.
Go Thelma! I've got you covered...
Bottom fishing in a Bear Market
Come on, We dare you,
Another awkward meeting on the new 'Bear meets Fish' dating app: 'Oh, so you brought your friend because you didn't feel safe? Why because i'm a brown bear?'
Like Mailer said no sex is safe.
Which way to the spawning pool?
I don't suppose if I told you I am a Flint River salmon it would make any difference?
hello-welcome home
Excuse me. Is this the end of the line?
A couple of steps closer and I think you just might get me.
I thought you said it was a bull market
Life is hard, and then....
Let me pass ..if you want food next year!
Death doesn't discriminate and neither does lunch.
Sing to him, quick! OK: 'fish gotta jump, bears gotta fly...
Relax...this one only eats farm-raised!
Hi, I'm Lou, and I'm a vegetarian
Fast food!
I told you we should have taken the train.
I saw The Revenant. You should be ashamed of yourself!
Oh no, it's my ex
I told you we should bear left at the fork.
New Dentures, Gummy Bear?
'I only eat certified organic'.
Well, you're certainly not Nemo.
You realize this is a catch and release stream.
Actually, fish is very bad for you!
I'm coming from Flint, Fuzzy.
He said he'll leave the money for you up around the bend, under the rock.
What's the shark situation up there?
Sorry - event parking is full.
You are getting very sleepy
This is why I hate it when the fish ladders are closed.
Fake left! Spin move right. They sucker for it every time.
What do you mean you forgot the bear spray?
This fisherman looks pretty grizzly to me!
This is the last time I listen to those platitudes about swimming upstream.
Let's go see where I was born, you said, it'll be romantic, you said.
He'll taste better with lemon
Quick, tell him Salomon Brothers went out of business.
Just a Voyeur-Bear. Probably just wants to watch us spawn.
Now this is live streaming.
I knew this would happen when Subway got rid of their five dollar footlongs.
You don't want to eat us . We're Sam and Ella .
Welcome to the Bear Market.
Are you aware that the surgeon general says no more than one-half serving per day?
Come on, you know why I'm here. Give me a break, and I'll let you watch.
C'mon you big sissy!
We should have got a room instead.
Watch it Pooh – I'm full of mercury.
If Leo could do it, we can do it!
Relax, it's just a stupid decoy - Planned Parenthood deployed some inflatable fake bears to promote spawn prevention.
I know we made a truce but it's Friday & I've converted to Catholicism.
What? We're you expecting a side of potatoes?
SHIT AH FISH AH
Oh Bear, at this time/ with sky above and the end/near I am content.
I just read on GOOP that being a vegan is great for sleep health. Why don't I send you the link?
We do it, just not in the woods
I feel compelled to warn you we're not sashimi-grade.
'The salmon from Puget Sound has much more protein than us '.
Well, look who thinks he's Donald Trump.
What the f@*# are you looking at?
Which way to the Throgs Neck Bridge?
Just one more 'Cannonball!' and I'm all yours
It's like raiiiiin on your weddin' day...' 'Not funny, Fred.
Darwin has chosen
Back off pal, we're endangered.
Is this the way you want to spend the rest of your life?
Lox like trouble.
What are you? Plankton?
Just so you know, I'm packed with mercury.
Things are going a bit uphill.
I swam here from the Flint River. So, you've gotta ask yourself, 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya punk?
Is the risk worth the reward?
Hey Sam, what do you say we change direction?
Let's just adopt.
I told you we should have adopted. But nooo... This was going to be 'romantic'
Swimming upstream is always a bear
It's like Uber, but for salmon.
Fancy seeing you here.
I wouldn't if I were you, I ate a bagel... so technically I'm full of gluten.
Love it when dinner's delivered.
No, I'm pretty sure it's pronounced 'salmon.'
We can bearly wait to run up there!
I can't eat gluten, I'm ethically vegan, and only consume organic food. Are you farm-raised or wild? I should have stuck to paleo
Which way did Dicaprio go?
I'm telling you, don't bite the bear or you will be sorry.
Step your grizzly countenance aside and make way for a protected species.
It was at this moment Elijah regretted not completing his Bachelor's.
OK ... AFTER the spawn. Deal?
Go ahead, make my filet
Much as I like to spawn, I'm going back.
This is gonna be good.
Somehow I don't think this qualifies as safe sex.
I told you we should've stayed down on the farm.
A nice town, boss. It's got a little bit of everything.
I can already tell I'm going to hate being a father.
You wouldn't be interested. I'm farm-raised.
You should know that I was farm-raised.
I guess she's just being fashionably late.
Maybe it's time to spice up our spawn life and go downstream for a chance.
This is the spawning department. Hibernation is the next stream over.
'I haven't seen Hugh Glass since he ate my brother'.
You ordered an ubear?
Your mom and I understand. We also had a wild phase when we were your age.
Just wait,the one behind me is non GMO
Wait, when you said you wanted us over for lunch I thought that you meant ... Oh dear!
Did you have a nice run?
Salmon: 'Great. All this work to be a metaphor..'
We are the GM fish..
What's a flexitarian?
'Show me a good loser and I'll show you a loser' -Salm Newton
He said, 'Welcome, and you're just in time for lunch'
Excuse me, have you seen my son, Nemo?
You will step on the soil of many countries in your lifetime.
Mealtime on death row
Could you let a brother spawn?
Hey you! Come a little bit closer.
Hey, Louie! Are you sure we have to do this?
C'mon dude, this is our ONE chance to get lucky!!
See, this is the reason why I do not use Google Maps.
Whaddayamean, what's the password?
I'd rather they just build a wall.
Don't forget your diet!
Oh, crap!! That 'BEAR, LEFT' sign DID have a comma, didn't it?
I actually came up with the concept of being nice to those you meet on the way up because you'll meet them on your way down.
We'll get home safe. It's a Chicago cub.
Do you think he's impressed?
And you just had to take the scenic route.
Sadly, being the only talking fish, IS like being the only sane Republican.
Swipe left.
How about giving me up for Lent?
Follow the family traditions they say
Please, don't eat us, we taste nothing but ordinary, like fish and chips.
We are equal opportunity game!
Donald once had a bad salmon dinner so you are prohibited from entering the US until the government can figure out what the hell is going on.
It's all downstream from here.
Stop trying, I'm a super delegate
Behave! We're on a live feed here!
No, seriously. I'm just in here to ice my paws. I promise.
So you really think this is the year Leo gets the Oscar? You did great in the film, by the way.
All things considered, wouldn't you rather be hibernating?
See, Freddy, This is that nice bear I was telling you about. He has been carrying all the other fish upstream!
Remember, I don't have to swim faster than the bear, I just have to swim faster than you.
I'm farm-raised actually. Utterly tasteless.
Trust me, you've got bigger fish to fry.
You're in luck - I only eat farm-raised.
We should have made that left at Alberquerque
I knew I should of listened to salmon else and went downstream.
You don't look like your profile picture.
Oh crap - did you happen to see The Revenant?
Quick....how do you say 'neurotoxin' in Grizzly?
I'm out of season.
Kid, the next time I say, 'Let's swim to someplace like Bolivia,' let's swim to someplace like Bolivia.
If I jump, we will all die.
The fishing is better three feet to the left.
Look left, fake right
Look man, whatever Sisyphish imagined, I doubt it was this!
Bob, is this what they mean by coitus interruptus in upstreamis?
The bear market is a slippery slope, the futures is where you should be.
Say a psalm, Sam!
Ten bucks says you miss
I'm just saying, maybe we're rushing thing a bit
I am trying to visual a bear not visualizing a fish.
My brain says turn back, but sometimes you just have to trust your instinct.
Fr 'Frank, go back, tell the others no more road trips'
Just so you know, I was raised on a farm in Scotland. I don't have the nutritional value of the guys behind me.
For the last time, you're sure bears sleepwalk?
Errr Mike...Where did the ceiling go and how did he change colour?
Teaching a bear how to swim would be the stupidest thing we've every done!!
Quick, do you see lipstick!
What do you mean, sounds fishy?
Next time let's pass on the reincarnation option!
So this is what a midlife crisis feels like
Penny for your thoughts.
I'm here to stop you from spawning yourself to death
You might want to go back. The cast of Revenant is upriver.
Figures, the day after I go vegan.
Have we got travel insurance?
This is not all fat, at my age most of it is lead from the river
I have honey.
Instinct's a bitch.
The joke's on him, I'm not organic
uh, uh, uh...you gave us up for Lent
C'mon... word is there are tons of eligible ladies just upstream!
Wait! Haven't you heard about the latest salmonella outbreak? Emphasis on the salmon!
At this moment, Sockeye, I'd rather be Sisyphus.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water again.
Which one of you is Sushi?
One of the more pathetic examples of the circle of life.
You needn't look so smug about it.
Can't you see we're 'Farmed in China?!'
Can you help us? We're looking for the farm where we were born.
We just had to go against the majority.
You're fine, I gave up fish for Lent.
Look into our eyes and repeat after us. I am vegan. I am vegan.
Going with the flow? What a wuss!
I don't suppose it's Catch and Release?
No, I haven't read Thomas Wolfe. Now, you going to move or what?
Don't worry. If he catches us, we'll just respawn upstream.
The Bear Truth
That's it, just keep swimming.
Avoid us! We just escaped from the farm!
Bear with me, Gill.
Damn, and we just escaped from the salmon farm.
It's a Black Bear, Kyle. Just flap your fins, look it in the eye, and scream.
Uh oh. I think I saw this guy in 'The Revenant'.
Hey Bro, we're all endangered here, right?
Coho? Move along upstream I prefer Sockeye.
I hope he doesn't have a fishing license!
This wild salmon life is for the birds.
I just don't trust farm-raised.
WARNING! I just escaped from the salmon farm!
Looks like sashimi AGAIN.
Spawn, schpawn.
Almost home, ladies. About 20 more miles and hang a left.
No I don't 'Know the Way to San Jose'
My momma wasn't kidding when she said 'Swimming upstream is grislier than you can ever imagine so just grin and bear it.'
Look out for the wheelbarrow behind you!
I feel your pain. Just think of it as a photo-op.
Any calls?
Uh,Oh...there goes our 401K.
Take your turn on watch with the other fellows while you're searching for the bears.
A real progressive would address species inequality.
We all have E-ZBass.
I'm telling you honey, forget me. I just saw some kids messing with your cubs a little downstream.
Shoot! I forgot to turn off my location services.
We ARE fish out of water!
The Bear Truth if it all...
Flying lunch.
Don't bother- my omega 3s are low today
Maybe for sturgeon caviar, but there's no chance in hell I'm jumping down there for sockeye.
Hi my name's Frank. But my friends call me Sushi.
I thought you didn't know how to swim.
This takes a little more work, but I just couldn't justify buying farmed salmon anymore. Only wild-caught and organic from here on out.
Poison fish coming through! Poison fish!!
Preliminary indications show we're entering a bear market.
Hey bear, you need to get a life!
Coming home is always a mistake.
Salmon run!!!!!!!
Humans would be extinct if this was their sexual foreplay.
You should have seen The Revenant with us, Bill here thinks Leo deserves an Oscar
His upstream swim must have been awesome
Turbulence in the energy sector may indicate the possibility of a bear market.
If you can hang tight for a sec, my fat sister is right behind me...
I suggest now might be an appropriate time to spawn.
Adoption is looking better and better.
Quick, go to plan B and start swimming down stream as fast as you can!
Oh, we're just visiting. From Flint.
Yes, I asked and they will let you check in early.
You know, I really dont like whoever came up with this whole food chain thing,
Am I supposed to play dead in this situation?
Only YOU can prevent salmon slaughter
I sure hope that's the lifeguard
Pick him. I'm full of gluten.
Why, thank you! A lift up to the spillway fish ladder would be peachy.
They looked like Bear Claws in the water, but that ain't no pastry!
Eat him, I'm farm raised
Do you understand the concept of 'Futures'?
Hang on, the whoppers are hot on our tails....
You're in my way!
Last chance , either swim into my mouth or fall in the waterfall.
Yeah. Great shortcut, Floyd.
Well this is unfortunate.
It's almost as if he was expecting us.
The benefits of Omega-3s have been vastly overstated.
Gulp?'/'Gulp!
...In twenty meters bear right ahead...
It really feels like we're swimming upstream here.
Bear, you do know that fishing season is closed, don't you?
Be warned, I have AIDS.
Hey, sugar bear!
Haven't you heard that nutritional scientists have debunked the benefits of the paleo diet?
Those damn Republicans.
This 'Wild Caught' phenomena is getting out of hand.
Don't worry. He's just a drawing in a cartoon.
Sam, the GPS didn't show this hazard!
Strength in numbers, Jim. We can take him down.
I can't believe dad was in such good shape
Oh, boy...here we go again. You guys do know that you ARE omega acids, right?
'On me, roe roe roe rapidly up the stream.'
We have carbs!!!
Yeah, I saw your scene but did you get eaten alive?
How do we get downstream from here?
I'm NEVER getting laid.
Wait, wait! Let's think about the long term investment here.
Looks like the Dow is falling again.
Oh, no, we're going to miss the family reunion!
It's like you only read about polar bears in the news these days.
Do you ever think how healthy it would be, to become a vegetarian
I told you this was the wrong direction.
I always forget - am I supposed to make loud noises to scare it off or just play dead?
Don't tell me luck don't play a part.
This is why I always bring a friend on a Tinder date
Darn. And they practically begged me to enter the ladder program.
Bear with me, fly fishing isn't what it use to be!
I don't suppose I could interest you in a nice mercury-free trout?
I told you we shouldn't have taken the establishment lane.
Which way is Obstetrics?
Am I really that predictable?
So much for my romantic finale!!
I know the greatest dry cleaner.
I must warn you that I am not GMO free
Wolfe was right, we can't go home again.
The first one to hit my mouth, will be joining me for join me for dinner.
Jedi Speak, 'These are not the salmon you are looking for...'
Go for the guy in the back! He's organic.
I wasn't expecting a bear but love will find a way.
Are you the bear everyone is talking about?
I'd rather you eat me than see Trump get the Republican nomination.
I guess this time, the bear eats me.
One last big jump Hilary!
We were looking for your honeymoon suite
The fat will alll go to your hips.
Looks like a Democrat. He'll probably flip a coin to decide which one of us he wants.
Bet you wish you were farm raised.
Tell me, again, why we swim upstream.
Sorry I'm late getting upstream ... am I off the hook?
To hell with my hormones, I'm going back to sea.
Gee, he looked a lot less hungry in his Tinder profile...
Hurry up... you know what to do! This water is cold, my belly is empty and I don't hibernate like my cousins.
Okay Bob, nice swimming with you. looks like this is my stop...
Bears don't eat fish . . . right Sammy?
We're not sushi-grade, and the salmonella will kill ya!
I'm telling you, it works. Visualize an easy trip upstream and the Universe will prov---
That's it--I'm adopting.
They never covered this in sex ed.
Boy am I glad you guys have shown up! This waiting game was giving me cold feet!
Stop if you are pro-life!
Rest in peace friends.
SockEye...And that's what you'll get if you try and bite ME!!
Yes, we do.
Are you farm raised or wild caught?
Remind me to update my GPS next time
Excuse me! We're looking for the bull.
Lotta work to 'make' dinner!
Are you happy now, Harriet? I knew this new carpool lane was to good to be true!
Isn't it past your nap time?
You hibernate, I swim home.
Oh, come on! I'm already getting hosed by surge pricing!
Suddenly, that extra effort seemed too much.
I recommend the trout.
So that's what the GPS meant by 'bear left at the next waterfall'
You smell like GMO salmon!
So this is your idea of rough foreplay?
'Michael Jackson's dance?' Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
Guess who's coming to dinner. I think he's here.
Seen any females come up this way?
Well, *this* is awkward. Darling, meet Gentle Ben, my ex.
I can do this all day.
Next time you go right and I go left.
This is why I never visit the in-laws
I swiped left! I swiped left!
Before we begin: farm-raised or wild?
Don't look now, but there is a man behind you with a rifle.
This bear doesn't shit in the woods!
I have the Zika virus, bon appetit.
Um, lunch a go go!!!!!!!
I was hoping for a Bull market!
This is the triangular love affair.
Have you ever considered going vegan?
I'm a little gamey. He marinates in dill and moisturizes with butter.
You could totally let me go and I would still sleep with the fishes.
Oh no, don't take me I'm farm raised. Wait a bit till the next one comes. He's wild and sushi grade.
This gives a whole other meaning to Big Brother is watching.
Do you have any gluten-free, vegan options?
Maybe you don't understand. You guys get to hibernate every year. We get our...uh... honeymoon, only once in our lives!
I can't wait to get home and see if Mom kept my room just the way I left it!
I would rather watch this on TV
Did you get my friend request?
Dude, you mind? The ladies are waiting.
I told you we should have taken the fish ladder
After this, the bear went into the fish's stomach.
Teach a fish to avoid a bear and...
Without a selfie?
If this is a Friday in Lent and this guy's Catholic, we've got a problem!
I thought we swiped left on this 3nder!
I mean I know Mondays suck, but this is just brutal.
Truth is, we never [ital]do[end ital] get to 'eat the bar', do we?
When Steve learned that he didn't need to out swim the bear, he just had to out swim Sam.
So what's Leo like?
egrgrwgrg
There's a bomb in the fish
No, I don't care if your feet are cold, and no, I don't wish to join you for breakfast.
Hey, how ya doin'. Some nice water we got here. So, I would really like to stay alive in this nice water, but you can eat my friend Bob.
Omega-3 fatty acids are overrated.
Aww man...can I at least lay my eggs first?
In your dreams.
Don't bother with us, we're farmed.
Traffic's a bear today.
I should have stayed in school.
Don't eat me! I was raised in Flint.
oh, god....a Stearn bear!!
Oh yea? Why don't you come down here and say that?
Hold On! There are many more behind us!
Friend or foe?
Bear 'that's why, I like the oviparous seasons.'
Come to mama bear.
Looks like a bear market to me.
I guess there will be more fish in the sea...
Aim for the nostrils!
Albert, look! It's Yogi Bear!
Oy vey, such a choice! Spawn and die or feed a grizzly!
That's the last time we're using Siri to order an Uber.
I am puzzled Why do you go against the currents? Huh, enjoy lazy ass!!!
Are you a Gummy Bear?
We need a fourth for Bridge.
They never taught us about this in school.
Respawn in 3...2...1...
We were told to come home for dinner.
Shoulda stayed on the farm, shoulda listened to my old man
Maybe this guy will give us a lift
Rock, paper, scissor
'It's so hard being vegan.' - the bear
Wouldn't you really rather have a V-8?
I got a wild view up here.
Haven't you heard? It turns out we're full of gluten.
'I take great pleasure in the fact that people take our struggle and use it for a metaphor to help explain their own difficulties. Now if you'll excuse me I need to swim up stream and die'.
Sometimes Frank, life's just too meta for me.
They all first did this to us, what they are now doing to Syria?
Vladimir stalling the drive to Damascus...
Where is Tarzan when I need him?
The optimistic Salmon Bro. INC, were climbing the market, when suddenly...!
Could you get yourselves smoked first before you come up?
Is this a scene from The Revenant?
Now do you believe in climate change?
You said he'd be in the woods!
Move over bear. No one is going to stand in the way of me and my reproductive rights.
I told you mainstream has a point
He knows exactly what he's doing.He knows exactly wha.....
Can you give us directions to the nearest Safeway?
No,no,no, Omega-3 is a liberal conspiracy and a hoax
I'm from Flint, Michigan!
I value your upstream thinking.
And you're absolutely certain we're OK to come in without jackets?
Just how wild are you two?
Simon ?
Gloria Steinem or no, I could really use a bicycle!
Keep going! Millions of years of instinct can't be wrong!
Hello, have you met my wife, Tasty?
I don't have to swim faster than the bear. I just have to swim faster than you.
Okay, tough guy, I'm back with my buddy. You want to try that again?
Check it! Bear's eyebrows are on point today.
Hey, get out of the way. It's tough enough without you blocking the way.
If we don't fix this infrastructure, we're not gonna make it!
I told you this would happen if we spawned on the first date!
Hey Sal, Bearney Standers is on top of the run.
Dive through restaurant
'How many times have I told you?' STOP and ask for directions!
Why does he keep babbling about forest fires?
We're swimming up stream whether you like it or not, and no, we're not going to be your dinner.
We are so spawned.
I told you, I am retired from snatching. I am a fishman now.
And then she said she carries hot sauce in her bag!
In a bear market our stocks tend to go down.
No we're not sustainably raised
It's okay honey, we're out of season.
Buenos dias, Senhor Trump.
Heads I win, tales you lose.
Are you certified organic?
Who ever said it is good to face your fears...
Thank goodness I have my affairs in order!
Don't pull the wingman card Gary, I know what 'tip the bouncer' means here.
Happy Darwin Day!
For two?
Tons of bones!
I'd say this is your most flattering angle.
Whoa! We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
Franken-fish meets Franken-Bear
Have you salmon seen any upbear today?' 'What's Upbear? ...Dammit.
I swear he wasn't there when I mapped it.
This new upstreaming service has made everything so much easier - my favourite fish exactly when I want them
Looks like we really are in a bear market
We claim this stream as a natural right so get your big, bloated, authoritarian ass out of our way!
Mom warned me about this guy.
Spawning,schmawning. I'm going back.
I told you we should have checked Google Maps!
You don't look like your picture online.
You and your 'take the road less traveled'!
Not what I imagined as your wingman...
Awww come on guys, I just want a bear hug.
so this is what is meant by nature-al birth control
Well Betty, looks like you'll have to spawn for both of us.Goodbye.
If we put our heads together, I'm sure we can come up with a less predictable ending.
Funny, Google maps didn't mention this.
Remember the good old days when this used to be a glacier?
Jump in Bear-y, you're gonna make a 'big splash' in the debate.
See! I told you I know this flume like the back of my fin. Three eddies past the Giant Vortex to the Big Slick Rock, then bear left...
Excuse me, are you organic and gluten free?
We are in time for dinner, no?
The things she expects me to do to prove my love!
Just keep swimming straight ahead, Gladys. Ignore him and he'll go away.
I'm officially done with these dating apps.
Harold, I told you we should have got an Uber.
Salmantha, I just spawned a horrific vision of trouble bearing down on us.
So is this what Kant meant by the categorical imperative?
Watch out, Dave. I can't believe the FDA approved this GMO business. As if bears weren't vicious enough.
But then again, who needs kids?
I think it's time we talked about your cholesterol.
Now I remember, up the falls, bear left, and then what?
I am Teddy. You must be Pisces!
You really do take the fun out of it.
Gimme a break. I just paid off my freakin' mortgage!
Do you guys know where I can find some honey?
Good thing we shorted the upstream bear market!
Wrong way, fishies.'
So I guess swimming upstream isn't such a great achievement after all.
I knew we should have used the lock like everyone else.
You can't beat fast food carry out!
NO FISH WERE HARMED IN THE MAKING OF THIS CARTOON
Is my E-ZPass tag not working?
Bill, I am really hoping that this guy is a Vegan !
The old neighborhood hasn't changed much.
I'm telling you, I'm FULL of mercury.
I said, 'Bear left,' not 'Bear right'!
Our kids better appreciate this!
So much for your biological clock.
Send the small fries up first.' 'Wait, time out, that's not a bull!
Welcome to the next rung of the food chain
Looks like another Bear Creek!
Don't you have someplace to be?
Bear right past the rapids.
Have you seen my mother?
I can't bear it any longer.
Now remember, I jump in your mouth, we pause for photos, then you drop me back in the water and go eat their trash.
That rod and reel is looking better now, huh?
This isn't the tall, dark and handsome I was hoping for.
Hey, we are protected by International Salmon Rights, so back off.
Have we ever tried downstream?
I told you we should've used Waze instead of Maps!
Well at least it's not the Flint River.
I think we headed in the wrong direction!
Behind you! Sarah Palin!
Remember, he’s just as scared of us as we are of him.
This commute seems bearable.
There has to be an app for this.
We're more endangered than you.
We found a black hole.
I thought you meant 'Jaws' THE MOVIE.
Mercury! Mercury! I'm full of it!
The bear says, 'Prey!' The fish says, 'Pray!'
At last! Face to face with MY white whale.
Challenge: Whoever gets to the other side first gets a surprise.
This bear market is going to be the death of me
Heads up! There's a chick named 'Goldilocks' crashing at your pad as we speak.
I told you to use Google Maps, but no....
my mercury's a bit high today. her omega 3s are better!
You're so lucky I'm not hungry right now.
Salmon again!!!!???
Well, no we're REALLY up a creek.
Welcome to the top of the food chain
It is true, too! Brown bears are interbreeding with polar bears now!
Turn around quick, there's a revenant behind you!
The thought of death is more than I can BEAR!
I don't think 'just make an effort' will work this time
Think about it – we're the first you've seen, so we're the fastest. Speed equals lean, you know?
Watch it, chum, I'm loaded with mercury.
You attempt to spawn with her while I make a dash upstream.
Come on,... JUMP !!!
Are we almost there yet?
I hate to bear the news, but this isn't what she meant by getting 'eaten out'.
We've been vaccinated and might give your cubs Autism.
And I was betting on a bull market.
Just when I thought the commute couldn't get worse.
If you make your stupid 'Smolt 'em if you got 'em' joke right now, we're through.
Bubbles old boy, it has been a privilege swimming with you.
You're really making this too easy.
Stop smiling, I'm still angry!
I knew we swam upstream but no one mentioned bears swimming downstream!
hahahahah what the fuck who draws these things hahahaha look at those fish
Don't make this an uphill battle
Reception? We'd like to make a reservation for the Bridal Suite.
Would it be racist to call this a Mexican standoff?' 'Mostly it would just be inaccurate, considering that you don't have legs.
Uh oh.....we're in big trouble! I heard his wife just put him on that new Paleo diet.....
You do know I'm farm-raised, right?
OK, maybe you were right about getting that GPS device.
The steak is excellent tonight.
We barely made it downriver
shit, Bear's eyebrows are on point today.
Fine, I'll ask him for directions!
Excuse me.
Are you sure he is a Vegan?
Please, ladies first. I'll be right behind you.
I guess this is why we were warned against texting while spawning.
Don't you ever hibernate anymore?
My bad. The ladder was the right call.
I’ll tell you what Dolly, the fish back home on the farm are not going to believe this!
Of course, you realize that if you eat us you might get a std.
You stay there, I'll be back in a second with the bagels and cream cheese.
What...what do you mean you want to meet your biological father?
Of course two sides are included! Does a bear...?
Why not try a barrel?
No, after you.
The trout at Greenbrier's is to die for!
No, we haven't seen Mr. DiCaprio.
Jump, scaredy-cat.
Have you considered the many benefits of a vegan diet?
I guess it's bare bones for the both of us.
Sorry, I got parasites, but she's healthy.
Oh no! Another sushi lover!
Gimme a break. It's our first date.
THIS IS PRECISELY WHY WE NEED TO PROTECT THE SECOND AMENDMENT! WE ARE DEFENSELESS!
I told you, Jerry, we should have turned left at that stream back there.
RAINBOW! .....darling!
I know the GPS said 'upstream,' but this can't be right.
ROCK ON
I know he will kill us, but he says what's on his mind.
Salmon, salmonella. Think before you bite!
Now I understand why the Catch of the Day board said: Bear Claws.
Dude, don't blow this. Tom Mangelsen's about to make us famous.
Come to mama, GMOs are tasteful too!
I'd like to say a few words about my high mercury levels.
Remember what they said at orientation -- wave your arms!
I don't want to go over the falls, jump a little higher.
How about we spawn downstream this time?
Remember son, there's no shortcuts in life.'
So, you want to play chicken?
Stoicism won't help you now.
Seems my whole life's been an uphill battle
And the final rose goes to...
I'm tired of you, too.
Yes, Leo just floated by so you can catch him if you hurry.
I should've been suspicious when the director said the title was 'The Life Cycle Of The Chinook Salmon'
Bears!!!, it's there an escape clause in our contract?.
Let's hope he's vegetarian!
It was your idea to take the left fork!
Oh darn! Fish again.
I'm supposed to ask - farm raised or wild caught?
I'm done with the photo shoot - I'm hungry!
Be careful, you don't want to end up like that guy in the movie!
Is this the right way to The Dalles?
You lookin at me?
uber for salmon has it downfalls
We can swim upstream, we just don't believe you're a fertility coach.
Looks like this isn't gonna be my year
I'll leave you two alone.
Sal, I told you we needed a new travel agent!
See? This is what happens when you go against the current.
Oh c'mon you're barely jumping.
Do you have a catch and release policy, by any chance?
Mercury, high levels of mercury.
Okay, those jumps are rated 8.5 and 8.0 respectively. Now let's try for a nine!
No, I'm not vegan, kosher, sugar and gluten free! Is that even a thing?
My name is Trevor and I'll be your entrée tonight.
See? What'd I tell ya, bub? 'Catch and release. Warden Enforced.', just like the sign sai-.
Hey, man, I'm an endangered species obeying this compelling urge to swim upstream, fertilize eggs, then die . What's your gig?
You know what's really in this year? Quinoa.
I swear, I replied to your e-mail last Friday!
I think we made a wrong turn at Albuquerque.
What if I told you we're all farm raised?
My buddy's smoked.
Hmm… Bear heaven seems an awful lot like bear reality.
Ever heard of weight watchers?
Looks like moving Uptown isn't as nice as we thought.
AND you're Catholic AND it's Friday?
I'll save you the trouble.
Leo's on his way!
I'd think twice about eating two fish named Sam and Ella!
Actually, Sven, the only one I have to outswim is *you*.
It moments like these that I wish we were farmed.
Who is the Democratic Socialist?
Real bears don't eat sushi.
We should have updated our map app!
We're off-limits. It's a leap year.
We just want a room for a little while. Be nice.
Fish: I heard Obama called us Bear-gills Bear: Well at least he didn't bring Teddy with him!
The dude from Titanic went that way...
How you doin' ?
Table for two?
Actually, it's quite the opposite
I was farm raised, that other guy is wild.
In my mouth, or on a bagel. Your choice.
But the sign said bear left!
Can you give me a hand? It seems I swimming against the tide.
Baby, you just go lay the eggs. I got this... Meet you in 15 minutes by that rock we both like.
We're from the Flint River!
We're not sustainable.
There goes our retirement account.
You guys need a lift home?
Not even the gravitational waves will get you by me.
We may have met in a former life
Lane hog!
Consuming raw or undercooked fish or seafood may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
You are feeling very sleepy. Soon you will lie down and hear the pleasant water rushing by.
Will you be my new friend?
They say 'You can't go home again' but they also say follow your instincts. NOBODY, mentioned the bear.
Out of the way Smokey, don't you have to go put out a forest fire?
Sorry, I'm having lunch with a Gruffalo
Hey Omnivore! No Dilemma...Go Vegan
Now you see why the map said bear left?
I'm full of gluten.
Don't choose me...I was farmed with artificial coloring
'Scuse me, need to get through.
Stay very very still, that's what they say to do.
This is your idea of a romantic getaway?
Lead is not good for you Mr. Bear, i heard it will slow your growth.
Sorry about the nerves--first time speed dating.
You go right......I'll go left, and swim like hell........
You're going down.
We lack the internal imperative to come to an end.
Try him. I'm all bones!
We should have taken the back roads.
Relax... I switched to kale.
Well there's no need to look so smug about it.
Hi big guy. Did I mention we traveled by way of the Flint river?
Remind me Cecilia. Why are we doing this?
I can see Russia from here!
On the count of three, fake right and do a left end around as we practiced.
Remember, consuming raw seafood may increase your risk of foodborne illness.
Hurry up polar! Tell people to stop emitting CO2. Otherwise you are screwed.
I refuse to be pigeon holed as Oscar bait.
I think not.
But are you sustainable?
I hope you're counting calories this morning.
Let's take the route less travelled, she said. It'll be more relaxing, she said. Well? What have you got to say now, Myrna?
......and you're FAT too!!!!
We will have a table for two.
It's the last time I jump to conclusions.
One second. I have to go to the bathroom.
This homing instinct is way overrated
We're bringing loaves this season.
So when did Donald Trump hire you to protect the border?
Love to chat, but I gotta go spawn and die.
But I only need five hundred more leaps to achieve my fitness goal!
Orvis?
Why not catch us on the return trip when we'll be lean and loaded with flavor?
Aw, nuts.
Someone must have tipped him off that we would be coming
Did you find Nemo? On second thought never mind.
There's a crowd, Big Fella.
Oops, sorry, wrong stream!
Mercury, you fool, mercury, we`re full of it.
Are you are Uber ride?
I see pink.' 'I see redd.
Consider the garden salad.
I don't know...I have mixed feelings about the plant based diet craze. The run just doesn't carry the same perilous excitement anymore.
Our farm-raised counterparts are a much better deal.
I told you this was a bad place for our morning calisthenics.
You know 'organic' doesn't really mean anything, right?
Good news! It's all downhill from here on in!
Oh, God. Not salmon again!
Damn you Mapquest!
I'm not in the mood anymore. You ?
You don't want us, pal, we've just come from Flint.
What fresh hell is this?
Oh man, I knew I should've worn my GoPro!
Don't just stand there, help me up!
Oh, you want the next group, we're just the beta testers.
Up-hill, up-stream...It's gonna be a Battle!
Na Na Na Na. Na Na Na Na. Hey Hey Hey . . . .
He's bullish on fish bellies.
I told you we shouldn't take the scenic route!
Between us salmon, I'm not bullish about our future.
Told'ya..it was the 'wrong way'!
I promise you you'll get sick if you eat us. We came from contaminated waters.
Why do I always choose most direct route on Google Maps?
FYI, I have salmonella!
He looks cuddly
The slow, fat one is just behind me.
This is why we need GoPros!
No! I meant there's a bear on the left. WE need to bear right!
'Here, fishy fishy,' said the Bear.
I think I saw you on the way out
Full disclosure. We're loaded with PCBs.
Mom said my kid sister had to chaperone
Maybe we should try this a little later.
Is that why you called shotgun?
Swimming up stream is much harder than I thought it would be.
Wait, wait! There's a delicious Chinook salmon coming up just behind me.
You know, sometimes I just feel like I'm swimming upstream.
You ever feel like you're just swimming upstream?
Wait, was it the Camus version or the original myth of Sisyphus you read.....?
Kind Sir, is this the right way to the spawning ground?
Gimme a break after all this hard work.
I thought you said swimming up stream was a better idea? It looks like it goes down hill from here.
Does he look full to you?
Not quite the paradise I was expecting after this 300 mile adventure, Sid.
Fair warning: I'm going to have a spawny aftertaste.
Dude, can you wait til I'm on the way back? I have to spawn first.
More climate change effects. He wasn't supposed to be awake yet.
Yes, I've given up a movie career... the award season is rough for those of color.
Same old upstream, spawn and die routine.
We need to make a quick right.
' Fellas, a bit higher and the Olympic Gold is yours. Just one more practice High Jump, and we will break for lunch!
You are in the neutral zone.
Look into my eyes, you are getting sleeeeepy.
Your eyelids are getting heavy. You are very sleepy. You are a vegetarian.
I'm also gonna need a dozen bagels and some cream cheese
Maybe this is where trickle down would work.
I didn't realize you were using 'swimming upstream' as a metaphor.
. . . . and I'm the Mama bear.
I knew we should have brought the bicycles.
Good thing they put that 'bear left' sign downstream.
I should have never signed up to be an organ donor...
This could be a problem Honey.
Don't! You'll regret it in the morning.
Dam removal! Dam removal would solve everything you said! Happy now?
Remember ... You too can help prevent forest fires.
This is more than I can bear.
Love spilling oil!
The bare truth is that you're just not a good fit in our school.
Some days you eat the bear....but not today.
Roosevelt, you're up the creek without the bare necessity of a paddle.
C'mon, man, it's Valentine’s Day!
Beary nice to meet you!
Ted, I know I'm a catch but don't go chasing waterfalls.
Outta my way buddy...... we got a date upstream.
Why don't you go to the fish store like the other fishermen do?
I knew we should have taken the inside lane.
I wouldn't if I were you. This is the Flint River after all!
That's him! You can smell Uncle Terry on his breath!
Great, we'll die the other way.
I'm streaming live - for now.
What's our strategy for managing upstream risk?
How do you feel about mercury poisoning?
This scenario is not on my bucket list.
Yes. WE'RE Godot. Now please step aside.
Hello, and let me, briefly, introduce a term into your vocabulary: food chain.
And here I am without a paddle.
Oh no, this is Gentle Ben Creek, not Gentle Bend Creek.
I suggest you step aside, bear. Leonardo DiCaprio is right behind me.
I told you to turn left Ralph
Who you callin' a sisyphus?
Be patient, there is is an Ivory Salmon right behind me.
Come on bear. Haven't you heard? We need to be kind to the little fishies.
My bad Kid, the fall didn't kill you.
It's been a good run, but I see a bear market ahead.
I'm smoked. She's grilled.
Are you farmed or wild?
And here I thought it was a bull market
It's a trap!
When you said bear left, I didn't think you meant bear left!
You just HAD to see Alaska before you died.
What are the odds its allergic?!
Hey! You brought me here under falls pretenses!
Now I understand the phrase .... You only pass this way once in life.
I told you we'd land in a heap of trouble by not following the map.
Could you look the other way for a few minutes? We have some unfinished business.
You look familiar. Didn't I see you here last year?
My name is Bongori and she's Enterica. If you eat us you'll die from salmonella poisoning.
Look behind you--it's Leonardo Dicaprio!
Maybe we should rethink the big family idea...
Well, what d'ya know, Uncle Remus was right, this place does have a sushi bar!
Been down so long it looks like up to me.
You're sure this is the only way?
Watch that sexy 'come hither' look, Girls!
Actually you don't pronounce the 'l.'
Well, it's all about the journey, not the destination.
Red Light!
A beautiful ocean place and you gotta come back to this dump? You can’t stop and ask for directions? ‘He’s a schlemiel’, that’s what Bubbe always said, and now you …
why not just be normal?
Da Fook?!?
I told you the future's were barish
This guy's big and hairy. You go around back while I distract him.
I'm just going to let him know he's swimming in the wrong direction.
No, I'm sorry, I have no advice on turning the financial markets around!
I think we're entering a bear market.
Quick, hit the rewind button.
Let's turn around. I don't really want to have kids anyway.
Crap! 3,000 miles of swimming and now this!
Jump higher and I'll take you to your mother.
Think of me as what happens when two black holes collide.
Uh-oh--looks like my fry just got fished. . .
Oh! Oh! Bad timing!
Are you coming for dinner?
Delivery meets takeout.
Sorry, we don't recognize eminent domain.
Turn left at the dam for the Bear Habitat.
Didn't your mom tell you about the birds and the bees and natural selection??
The things we'll do for sex, eh, Ned?
Have you considered the benefits of a strictly nuts and berries diet?
I need to inspect you for GMOs.
Keep trying and never give up your dream.
Nothing personal it is just business.
Are you sure this is the right stream.
'Salmon? We ain't got no stinkin' salmon!
Hey you're just a touch early... Let me me lay my eggs and I'll be back in a minute.
A little higher, here comes lunch!
Lick my ass and call me Samantha that's a big fucking fish
I heard the sex was worth it but I'm not so sure now.
Reproductive rights or caviar--either way.
I thought I chose the option on Mapquesr to avoid routes with bears!
(optional box at top of cartoon: 'The brief reincarnation of the Salmon Brothers') 'Herbert, I thought you said Stern Bears went belly up.'
I was rooting for the bear in 'The Revenant.'
Abort, abort, abort!
'I think you can, i think you can' said the big brown bear!
Excuse us, are you going up?
We shouldn't have taken the scenic route.
Have you considered the benefits of vegetarianism?
You look very different on your OK Cupid profile.
I don't think he is into catch and release.
Look before you leap!
Don't worry, Bill, this was all supposed to happen one way or another.
Have you seen the Vegan special on the menu today ?
Just who are you to say we can't jump in this water!
We're super-commuting.
Smokey had long discredited 'The Secret' as folk-fiction. That was, until...
Now I understand what they meant by 'move towards the light.'
I'll distract him, Marge, then you can make a run for it.
If you don't eat me, I'll name one of my thousand kids after you.
Look at it this way, we are feeding an endangered species.
I won't tell anyone what you did in the woods if you let me and my buddy pass
Don't be afraid, just jump!
I don't need to out-swim the bear, Sal. I just need to out-swim you.
Go back to Goldilocks.......The porridge is getting cold!
I’m open to negotiation.
I'll have the catch of the day.
Go ahead Grizzly-breath... eat me, I'm full of toxic mercury
This spawning thing better be good
We heard you were busy in the woods.
That's what I get for not going mainstream
Salmon 1: Damn another vegan bear! Salmon 2: Our modern civilisation is collapsing
I thought Google Maps said this route was clear.
Wait! Wait! Leonardo is coming up right behind us!
No, I haven't seen Leonardo DiCaprio.
Just say no.
My mother-in-law's right behind me and she's much meatier than I.'
Who says we have to swim upstream to lay our eggs?
At least we'll be on Facebook.
When I get lonely I talk to my food.
You go far left and I will go far right and let's hope he has glaucoma.
We're farmed! Honest!
I said 'Kodak moment,' not 'Kodiak!'
So how was that shortcut looking now?
I don't have to swim faster than the bear, I only have to swim faster than you.
I don't recall the GPS saying 'bear left.'
You got screwed by the Academy, I'm telling ya!
I cannot bear swimming upstream anymore.
Your out of your element.
This zoo's $15 million salmon park is not what I had hoped for.
I've braved a thousand miles journey upstream so you could have lunch?
Trust me, just a few more inches.
When they said there would be a hot lunch, I didn't know it would be us!
I just shat my roe.
When they said going upstream would be a bear, it never occurred to me this is what they meant.
creme cheese and capers are extra
Next time do it in the woods.
A bear a salmon and a trout walk into a bar...
We should have waited to have kids, Julie!
I think we need to update the GPS maps
It's true what they say--you can't go home again.
Can you jump a little higher, please?
Talk about an existential crisis
'Just so you know, we're loaded with mercury.' 're
Could you just eat us all ready?' 'Nah, man. You're almost there.
Selma, clearly this is the first and last time I'll agree to us booking a stay through Airbnb.
Did you say 'bear left'?
You must be tired. Would you like some help?
I knew that was too easy.
Stand back, I have just been tested positive for the zika virus.
I said 'you come 90% of the way and I come 10'
You can do it, the spawning pool is just ahead.
As if swimming up stream is not challenging enough
Mama said there'd be days like this, Mama said.
What's for breakfast?
-If there was no lead in this water, do you really think we would be jumping right at you???
I'm not telling him about the perils of salmonella!
Bruno, I've got worms!
Would you mind giving me a leg up?
Just act natural! I think we're on camera!
You know, these streams are pretty crowded as it is. The responsible thing to do would be to turn around and go back.
Is a bear like the chair that does not exist?
I thought you were off on Sundays?
Turn back, Rosie, it's a natural contraceptive.
Marge, I think you picked the wrong river cruise.
You wouldn't eat an endangered species would you?
Don't be fooled -- I'm genetically modified.
Doesn't look like he'd be moved by the story of our exhausting intrepid journey upstream
I hear the caviar is to die for.
Oh look Beatrice. It's the bear truth greeting us and we've bearly just arrived....' 'Oh, Wanda, I don't think I can bear it!
I told you Google maps had some hiccups.
There's a bigger one behind me.
Move over next to the Bear Statue, it's an easier jump.
'I knew you'd be back'
So how's the will going?
I told you bears swim with the current.
You know...I never really wanted kids any way.
I hope you are pro-choice
tickets, please!
Ugh, we thought you would stop fishing after Marriage!
Still on the berry cleanse, my friend?
You want Zika? I've got it big time.
Hold still...GPS is recalculating.
Did you really say 'Some days you eat the bear?'
I told you to check Google Maps! You didn't say ANYTHING about a bear!
Look! Behind you! Donald Trump!
I've told you before, you are not a wall and I am not Mexican!
Did you order seconds?
I am a Jedi. I am not the fish you are looking for.
Gee thanks man! If you wouldn't mind just dropping us upstream at the spawning grounds, that would take a huge load off!
Password? What password?
Oh, a teddy bear!
I told you we should have asked Siri for directions.
Damn it Martha - I told you we should have brought the paddle!
Why, yes, I am satisfied with my long-distance carrier.
Bear in mind, I did not think that this trip was a good idea.
One of us just swam a long way for nothing!
Have you heard about our lord and savior, the Great Trout?
We seem to have a decent streaming connection.
Instead of becoming somebody's dinner, why don't we turn around and go downstream to create a school of baby salmon.
My name Zika. Hers Ebola.
The next one's bigger!
Uh oh, I think I'm spawned...
Hey, that's what's-his'name from The Revenent!
Donald Trumps aswer to border security
Oh no, our stock broker was right! We *were* on our way to a bear market!
Whoa! Spawnus interruptis!
He obviously isn't into you!
Ugh... salmon again?
Mom, I finally found my man!!!
I endorse you\r I endorse your highfalutin buttock I endorse your highfalutin brown buttock
Somehow, I don't think one of us jumping to the left and the other jumping to the right is a winning strategy.
I'm APPL. What's your name?
Next time I say ‘let’s spawn downstream ‘ – let’s SPAWN downstream!
Uh-oh! When you said bear left, I thought you were giving me directions.
But the directions said bear left.
All in all, Leo was great to work with.
This is your chance to do something different.
Try the venison.
'Look who didn't need a map'.
Well, my chances of getting out of here are looking pretty grizzly...
Didn't see that coming.
'Bearly noticed,' that's funny.
Had a bad feeling about that dating site.
So that's why my analyst said bears in dreams were symbolic of death.
Uber? No, but maybe…Hey, Gil, did you book an Uber?
I think we've been been sold down the river Wanda - it's clearly a bear market!
Could you direct up upstream?
'OK, you were right - maybe a fish does need a bicycle'
This is the last time I will follow you!
You'll be sorry, I've got a bad case of salmonella.
I really couldn't sleep nights without flood insurance.
Fie on them who say to swim against the current!
A bear's dilemma: the lack of proper food labeling.
Actually, Harvard Medical has made a connection between excess consumption of Omega-3 and pattern male baldness.
So much for MapQuest.
Did you even consider meeting us half way?
Consider lox for a change
The one behind us is bigger.
Good evening. I'm Boris. I'll be your server tonight.
No, we're the true 'outsiders' because of the swimming upstream thing.
We need a better map app.
Honey - why do bears suddenly appear, every time you are near?
Is the Algae in here non-GMO?
Go back to bed. It only feels like spring.
Ugh! It's Friday again.
It's Valentine's Day. We're on our way to spawn. Won't you give love a chance?
I told you we should have taken the 'road less traveled'!
Right now I wish we had been raised on a farm.
I've always wanted to be the one that got away.
You could stand to lose a few pounds.
Is that guy behind you with the gun a friend of yours?
Seriously, it looks like its going to be a brokered convention
Look, I'm all about the circle of life - but isn't this a little much?
Honey, I just remembered I left the oven on.
Maybe we have a chance. After all, Leo survived.
Ever since we saw 'The Revenant', I don't trust this guy.
Can you make way please? We’re on our way home.
Passing on the left.....
I dunno. How do you tell a bear with mercy in his heart from a plain old bear?
I don't think we are going to make it to 10,000 steps today.
I'd like to cancel our lunch appointment
I have been coming here for years, and all I get is the same boring fish meal.
Move your fat ass!
I think we misinterpreted 'bear left' in the directions.
Looks like we got here between swallows
Watch out! I'm genetically modified.
Great armies shrink at the sight of a determined foe.
I thought this was the river of eternal life!
Two for dinner?
Well, that's one way to kill the mood! OR Seriously? I get lucky once a year and you chose this moment to show up?
Fred, looks like I might be late for our meeting. Traffic is Grizzly today.
And that was when your Aunt Debra became another 'en route' statistic
Whoa- there's a pastrami on rye coming up right behind us.
On to the next one
Stop following your GPS and look ahead!
Looks like we should have turned right when they said bear left.
It must be Monday.
The fish said to the bear, 'bite me,' and the bear smiled.
So far, so . . . gulp!
Have a good day at school!
You do know today is 'ThrowBackThursday' right ?
I said.....EXCUUZZZ me!!!
Not on MY watch!
Maybe this time you come to me.
When you ask a guy for directions, you don't ask him for 'bearings', ok Mack?
Bear in mind that I told you to take the other fork in the river.
Trust me; Omega-3 is so overrated.
FreshDirect
Can I at least get in a quickie first?
Sorry to hear you were snubbed for an Oscar. Now, if you excuse us, we need to spawn.
Haven't I seen you on the cover of 'Field and Stream?'
Wrong way, buddy!
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away If you say the word, we will beat those birds Back to Acapulco Bay
No worries Hal, she's a digital enhancement.
I'll give you three wishes.
Too much omega-three can be toxic.
Remind me to fire my broker.
Bass Bros. Brokerage Explains 'Shortselling'
Just keep the pressure on; he'll eventually get cold feet.
Hey! Get outta the way stupid.
Your timing couldn't be any worse.
'But I know a shortcut,' you said. 'It'll be faster,' you said.
So, maybe we should give trickle down another try.
Those interest rates look delicious.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
For purposes of full disclosure, although I look wild, I was raised on a farm.
I'll feint left, you feint right.
I'm a Coho, the Kings are just behind - they are better.
It appears we made a wrong turn at Albuquerque.
No, I haven't seen THE REVENANT, why?
Hey, we're endangered too!
Any chance this is where Trump wants to build that wall?
Na-na-na-na-nah!
Good luck at the Oscars.
Now THAT's a Kodiak moment!
This was the worst Groupon ever, Bill.
Didn't you know you were swimming upstream to a sushi bar?
Just remember to put them to bed early and feed the dog, also we left you money on the counter for pizza, oh looks like our ride's here, got to go bye!
How do you feel about mercury poisoning? Not great? Take him!
That's the Ursula Major they told us about when we were in school.
For this I schlepped upstream?
Hey Phil remember when you asked me what a Catch 22 was? This is it.
Hey, I'm swimming here!
Do you know if this stream goes uptown?
It's only about six inches deep.
The latest gourmet bear menu statistics show that salmon steaks are out and insect crusted moose is in. With a dollop of honey of course.
Look! It's the guy from The Revenant!
I loved you in The Jungle Book.
I won't be sleeping with the fishes any more, will I?
Would you believe our parents farm-raised us?
I told you Arnie, the drought is not going to stop us again this year....
Sammy, I can't bear this anymore.
Follow your instincts if you want to; I'm turning around!
We're just farm-raised. Wild-caught are coming along behind.
Maybe if you swam upstream like us you wouldn't have such a weight problem!
Welcome to Chez Spawn. Will it be smoked or non?
Today's entree is fresh caught salmon, marinated for three years in toxic mercuric sea water. Bon appetit.
As a sexual abstinence program, you're uncommonly effective.
Enough of the boop boop dit-tem dat-tem what-tem chu, this looks like trouble.
Never expected to see you here. You must feel like a fish out of water.
I wanted Maui this year but you had to have it your way
So much for swimming against the current Hal.
C'mon, Teddy.....time for a snack !
I'd like to see YOU try this!
Are you hormone-free?
I told YOU it was a right down stream, but noooo, you said keep to the left.
Thanks for coming! My blood sugar level was getting low!
Actually, I'd prefer to have the beef tenderloin.
You might want to reconsider. I'm from Flint.
No . . . Salmonella! [ella in italics]
Don't you realize that you're an endangered species, too?
So much for going uptown!
Just so you know, we're up to our gills with mercury.
Bet you can't swim!
Let's remember to sue Waze for this alternate route suggestion.
It's too early for the next catch!
Why, oh why, was I born gluten-free?
I hate when this happens.
Spawn of the dead
.....nice doggy....
I’ve been eating GMOs.
Excuse me Sir, do you have a moment to talk about Jesus Christ, our Lord and savior?
Take a Snap--it'll last longer.
I can't bear it.
'If you let us go, we'll introduce you to Leonardo Dicaprio...'
I said downstream, Larry, but noooo, you insisted on upstream.
Sorry guys, I've seen 'The Revenant' and now I'm a strict pescatarian.
Yikes!! Your GPS sensor is acting up again.
Give a head fake to the left and then go right.
Wait for my mother-in-law, she's twice my size!
Hey, Sal, did you remember to bring the pepper spray?
This is not going to end well, Fred.
Go back to sleep. You're having a good dream.
When you said 'getting up these falls was a bear'...I didn't take you literally!
Are you sushi-grade?
Life is hard enough for us without you.
It looks like the TSA is on high alert.
I feel obligated to tell you that we're full of mercury.
We swam all the way up stream for a bear hug. I thought Valentine's Day was last week. or Hmm, how will this work. He does not look like a she. or Hmm, how long can you last out of the water?
It never rains but it paws.
He's local, sustainable, and organic, but I'm GMO.
I disagree, Frank, I don't think he'd be too cliche for the den.
We were going to take a cruise but this seemed safer.
Thank you for the kind and innovative proposition, but we are committed to our piscean-normative preconceptions.
You're missing out on the moose downstream.
Are you aware that we're a protected species?
Listen up. This bears repeating.
Will that be two for dinner?
This bear's repeating
I'm TELLIN' you Fred:That Global Warning stuff is just a lotta greenie nonsense and...HEY! IDIOT! This is a ONE-WAY stream, pal! ''To spawn, or not to spawn? Whether 'tis nobler to end up in a sushi bar than to...' HEY! IDIOT! You gotta license?
I will build a wall to stop this.
My retirement plan doesn't look good.
Is it too late to become a priest?
Where the hell is a ladder when you need one?
Pescatarianism is so last year. Have you tried going vegan?
She's shy out of water; please turn your head.
I don't suppose ladies first is appropriate.
No, I don't have any children, but I'm about two-thirds finished with the next Great American Novel.
Does farm fed make a difference?
...yes, I see it too, but that is definitely HUNGER, not empathy in his eyes
That darn GPS!
Eat me at your peril. I'm full of mercury.
I think l left something on the stove. I'll catch up with all of you upstream.
Quick, tell him we're full of mercury
He's on the edge of a bear market
Let's think outside the box and create a new paradigm
This is how you keep 'em down on the farm.
Pictured above: Hillary Clinton (the bear), the DNC (the river), Bernie Sanders (fish on left), the American people (fish on right)
I'm not NOAA certified for sustainability!
May I suggest the duck?
So much for the honeymoon.
To eat or not to eat is the question
At last, I understand what is meant by the unbearable lightness of being.
Are you really sure we're gluten-free?
Wanna play chicken?
Hi, what's your niche in the ecosystem.
Damn! After I got by the dam!
The secret is to work smarter, not harder, fellas.
Why do spawning season and Lent always seem to coincide?
No worries, we're farmed.
There's a bigger, juicier one just behind me.
I'd reconsider. I'm from Flint.
It's times like now I wish I was a berry.
Just an FYI - we're low Omega-3 and not authentically wild - we just escaped from a salmon farm!
It days like this you wish you were farmed.
I promise I'm not delicious. I just escaped the hatchery in Flint.
Well, Google Maps did say this was the fastest route to the spawning ground!
Ya know, Gill, this would really suck if we could feel emotions.
Joe, Kiss your bass goodbye because I didn't swim this far just for the halibut
From what I'm hearing, it's really all about portion size.
No spawn for you!
Top of the foodchain, Ma!
Tell mom I'm sorry but I'm off to find my biological parents.
Bear with me! We will make it to our spawning grounds.
you're from the government and you're here to help us, like sure
Just turn around and nobody gets hurt.
Hey, you're nothing like your Tinder profile
What will you tell your cubs if there are none of us left to spawn?
For weight watchers, the no-caviar option is available only in the downstream portion of the meal.
That's why they say, 'Swim, swam, has swum.
Can't believe my good fortune!
Its been nice knowin' ya, Sal.
You shouldn't, I swam all the way from Fukushima.
Oh oh. We better get the lead out.
Five minutes max. That's all I'm asking for.
Now let me get my gun...
Are you sure the GPS said 'up'?
But we're farm raised....really!
Sometimes I wonder if it's worth the effort.
And we'll be doing this long after you have rubbed your sorry butt on every tree in the forrest.
In an hour you'll just be hungry again.
Sorry for the misunderstanding. The salmon special was yesterday. Today's special is succulent seal.
We're escapees from a salmon farm; we're loaded with chemicals and antibiotics.
Sushi grade is next Monday
It's never good to be early to these things.
Kid the next time I say 'Let's go someplace like Bolivia,' let's GO someplace like Bolivia
Grizzly warning: Consuming raw seafood may increase your risk of foodbourne illness.
Where is your valentine?
No, really, I'm not kidding this time! Sarah Palin is standing right behind you!
Oops, wrong stream.
This concludes our live stream
You were the one who said, 'Always use Google Maps.'
Farm raised is cheaper
Could you come a little closer, I can't quite hear you.
I'm full of mercury. Just sayin'.
You go first, Sam
Carp Diem
It's Friday and it's Lent you are so out of luck
You can't eat us; we're polluted.
THIS IS WHAT YOU GET FOR GOING AGAINST THE TIDE.
Actually, we're tilapia. The salmon is in aisle two.
Can I get that to go?
Quick ... douse me with red wine!
There is a special place in hell for endangered species that eat each other.
Too good a deal: that 'Ubear' was no typo.
Dammit Bill! You said he was definitely going to be at Wall Street.
Swim hundreds of miles? Now this? This is your idea of foreplay?
So this is what a 'Bear Market' feels like...
I said I wanted to come back as a _salesman_.
Why are those pescatarians so darn clever?
Given your body type, it's time for you to go vegan.
Swimming upstream can be a real bear
So, I guess I shouldn't have mocked that guy who called the dating scene here 'literally a meat market.'
I started out 'on the road' only to end up as your 'naked lunch'?
I'm beginning to wonder if this trip is really worth it.
Didn't you hear? We're not in a bear market this week.
The Jedi mind-trick isn't working!
Could I interest you in a mint?
Let me through and you can have my first thousand born children.
Hmm. Get eaten by a bear or try and survive the presidential election? Eat me!
The campers downstream have candy bars. Jumbo size. Caramel.
Never mind the woods, what do bears do in the streams?
My wife is worried about my mercury content from farm raised so it' back to the wild.
I've told you GOPers - swimming upstream in a blue state nets you nada except my dinner!
Honey, can you check Google Maps one more time?
Jerry......Newman....
Inappropriate Grizzley Bear Pickup Line #23: 'You must be an oarswoman because I love the way you roe.'
Are we going to become omega 3 or omega 6 ?
Come on, where's your ecological spirit?
I hated 'The Revenant'.
Top feeder!
Yikes, bear left!' 'Duh, I know where I'm going, Jim.
Come on! Babies on board.
Let me pass, I'm full of mercury.
Preorder now for a great deal on our caviar.
You're right Sal, this is Bear River.
No, I'm not going to eat you. But we have to put on a good show. Discovery Channel is here.
Walter? Is that you? Wow, you've really packed on the pounds.
Spawning, schmawning. I say we adopt.
I hope you believe in reincarnation.
This is not the homecoming I expected.
What, you can't skip one snack to allow a mind-blowing mystery of nature to occur?
Have we met?
Sometimes the bear eats you.
Eat him, he's lemon-pepper.
To be honest, we're actually farm-raised.
I'm afraid I'll lose out on roles if I boycott the Oscars.
You don't want us. We came from Flint.
Let's ask someone else for directions.
Walter, I'm tired, hungry and pretty randy. For old times sake?
Great. I'm gonna die a virgin.
The irony is that we barely made it this far.
We were told refugees were welcome.
Bear left - got it!
Eat him. He's smoked and not a talking fish.
I can never remember whether to play dead or make lots of noise.
I think I left the water, running.
The health benefits of fish are highly overrated.
Please let us go. We are just looking for a quiet place to spawn. There are plenty more downstream.
Salmon? Nooo, we're lemmings. L-e-m-m-i-n-g-s.
It's all upstream from here.
I look forward to a balanced meal!
Well don't just stand there looking smug, gimme a hand.
Well don't just stand there, help me up!
It's been 34 minutes, it's free!
Seriously, why not consider flaxseed as your main source of omega-3s...
Now say Ahh you big fool!
Psst. Eat him, he's genetically modified.
I think that means 'Bear Left'
Wow--I thought 'You can't go home again' was just a saying.
Hey, did you know your family's responsible for our DNA being scattered throughout this rivers surrounding Forest Canopy?
Step aside, you are in the wrong idiom.
I had such high hopes for our first date.
I know he looks thin, but he's all muscle
I swear there's some farm-raised coming right behind us.
Sarah Palin's got your number, pal.
I cannot believe I'm gonna die a virgin.
Uh oh. I'm afraid we're heading towards another bear market.
What if I told you we're endangered?
I'm farmed he's wild.
Walter, give me like three minutes, four tops. The wife is ovulating.
Those farm-raised snoots don't know how easy they have it.
You may be interested to learn that the ones behind me are gluten free!
Do you stream all your meals live?
I know everyone's expecting us, but sometimes that's not s good thing.
Oh, oh. I think we're in the wrong lane.
It's nothing you did Simon, sometimes the bear eats you.
Not sure what you think... But that hotel about three miles back looked fine.
Oh, sure... 'Go early,' you say. 'We'll beat the traffic.'
This lane is for upstream bulls only.
This is not the welcome home I was expecting.
We were promised unlimited streaming with no buffering.
Have you got a license?
There's bearly any nutritional value to be found in us!
Wait, the really juicy ones come right after us.
Ugh, stream buffering.
Hey Larry, looks like you brought backup this time.
Come to think of it, I like being single.
Something about this brings to mind Roe versus Wade.
Surprise me with something insightful.
Well, just cry me a river of tears.
Last year it was a real bear!
Years of climbing the corporate ladder for this?
He swiped at Mom back in '08.
I should never have left the farm.
Buzz off Smokey, we are piranhas!
Feed you!
This is what's known as Roe v. Wade.
I spend five years in the ocean and you're still here!
And berries have lots more antioxidants too!
Is this guy part of the foreplay?.
Hank tell the others to bear left!
Your eyelids are getting heavy....You've just eaten a 12-course meal and couldn't eat another bite....
I’m a catch-and-release kind of fish.
We're having a few people over for sushi. Come by early, around six.
Do you know how far it is until the next rest stop?
We might be healthier, but the farm-raised are easier to catch!
Swipe left! Swipe left! Swipe left!
What did I tell you, Darlene? Taking the river less traveled really does make all the difference.
It's all downhill from here.
The fish are named Donald and Marco. The bear: Hillary.
Ask not for whom the bear toils.
Become careful! We are farm grown!
We're new here - anything good to eat?
You wouldn't want me - I'm genetically modified.
My mother was right. Marrying you will be the death of me.
Back off, Jack. They don’t call me steelhead for nothing.
Let's be herbivores about this.
Didn’t expect us to be swimming backwards downstream, did you?
I'm plain. He's honey mustard.
I don't trust my instincts.
Take a number
Just forget the Sushi...become a vegan!
I knew I smelled feet.
Excuse me, how do we get to Carnegie Hall?
I hope he's a vegetarian.
I admire your ability to just go with the flow.
'Spawn of the Dead' ... now I get it.
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my ecosystem.
Can't we just sit down and reason this out?
Please! I have a wife and two thousand kids!
Have you ever considered vegetarianism?
