Yeah, but the rent is more reasonable than you'd expect in Park Slope.
My boss says I need to be more mindful.
Whadya mean "What am I doing here"? I'm the latest conceptual art installation from the Museum of Contemporary Art.
A New York state of mind.
Good Lord, how many cats do you have?
If anyone trips, call me today for a free legal consultation.
It takes a small man to face up to his big jobs, like shoveling snow he knows the big man was too lazy to do. Stop staring at me already!
Like I told your mother, it's not the size of the tool that counts but how you use it.
Here, dad, try this one.
Wow look at that cloud! Wow look at that bed head! Wow look at that coffee stain!
I need a pick-me-up.
Meanwhile in Canada...
'See ya next winter, kid'
So ironic.
I gave up walking for lent.
I really thought he would grow into that shovel.
Bernie Sanders Weekly Press Release: Youth Equity
How's Freaky Friday working out for you so far?
It's not the size of the shovel, it's how you use it.
Labor laws!? What child labor laws?
Bernie, it will be a lot easier if you move to the left.
It's all in the wrist.
They say climate change has even messed up vanishing points.
Now you tell me.
I see this job as a stepping stone...
You millennials and your high-tech gadgets.
Sometimes size does matter, Fred...
We need to right size this operation.
No matter what your Mom says, size doesn't matter.
It's not so much the size as the technique.
Just developing my street cred, folks!
You tell your mother that's she not funny.
Good job kid, but I've decided to pave paradise and put up a parking lot.
Yes, I did wish for a bigger one.
Stop complaining. When I was a boy I used my hands - until they amputated the right one.
I'm sorry I said I thought Trump had some good ideas. Now can we trade shovels?
You see It's not a he size of the tool, it's the enthusiasm behind its use!
Ok, so sometimes size does matter.
See? This is exactly what's wrong with your generation.
Look, it's not my fault I'm left-handed.
If you think that's big, you should see my...
Thanks anyway, kid, but I get paid by the hour.
No, thanks. We already traded yesterday
Yes, the snow shovel would be faster. But global warming has been linked with using those.
I’ll use it after Mommy’s family leaves.
Come on, son, let's play 'Shawshank Redemption.'
Ha, we just went digital.
Finally, I'm going to be the first in line to get something!
Don't judge a man by its cover. A little man can sometimes do more than a big man.
It saves work. When I use this tiny shovel, the snow always melts before I finish the job.
Because it builds character. That's why, son.
This is why you got a snow day.
My what a big shovel you have...and mine is too small...Mom's should be just the right size to finish...let's go in, game starts in 15 minutes.
Remember Son, it's not the size of your shovel, but how you use it.
see, it sucks with the big shovel too......
Do you think maybe your whining is why Mommy drinks so much?
No, Son, I'm saving that shovel for the next round of the debates.
Size does matter. You might as well learn that now.
If we just stay in these positions, we'll never have to converse with anyone again.
Don't like the coin flip idea.
Yours is an ice shovel too; look what friction does.
A spade's a spade son
I'm impressed, but I still think the 'SnowTrowel3000' could be improved upon.
Biggest computer, biggest ice cream, biggest toy...but OH NO!
See who else wants a snow cone.
On average, they're both perfect.
In the snow, Derek always cleared a path from the highway to his gnome
No thanks, I rather savour doing it my way
They assured me of the functionality of nanotechnology.
Never bring a meta shovel to a proto snowfall.
It makes me feel closer to my ex-wife.
Snow guzzler!
I'm paid by the hour.
' Son, when your mother gets like that, this is how you create a little me-time.'
I don't know what this thing in my left hand is either. Ask the cartoonist.
It's not about size, son, it's all about how you use it.
I'm not shoveling the snow, I'm looking for my keys!
...and your point is?
Shoveling is like making love. But I forget why.
I told you we should have picked up the milk and eggs yesterday.
Hey Ed, I just realized that's my scarf you're wearing!
Lift with your legs.
No, I don't want to trade!
See! Size matters!
It's all in the wrist action.
Sometimes in life son size really doesn't matter.
Ohhhhh....Hell No!.....
How the hell did I get the short end of the stick?
From each according to his ability.
Lift with your knees, Pops!
Looks like you've got it covered when push comes to shovel.
This is my "me" time.
If you didn't want to help, why did you come out here?
This reminds me of a cartoon in 'Family Circle.'
Even Robert Mankoff would say there's something wrong with this picture.
El Nino, my son, isn't this ironic?
Don't worry, we'll make it one scoop at a time.
Remember to lift with you knees!
Mom says size doesn't matter.
Sidewalk trimming distinguishes true snow shovellers from the rest.
Santa's finally starting to dig out!
This way is more artisanal.
... and in high heels, too.
The wrong eyeglasses again?
I'm sorry, I can't read that when it's upside down
Look, we're not shoveling snow; we're building character, (brat)."
Honey, stop pitching. I told you, this isn't a bat!
It's just a matter of perspective.
Junior, this is what I mean by counter intuitive!
For me, 'Backwards Day' is losing its charm.
I'm compensating.
No ! No ! No ! I'll dig out grandma .
What, you've never seen bonsai shoveling?
I didn't know that they made these in different sizes.
When you get older and have kids, you too can be unfair.
Keep it. I'm paid by the hour.
You see how I’m lifting with my legs?
I have reached the point where I can no longer see the forest from the trees much less the snow from the sky.
How's that workin out for ya?
John was ironic; his wife was a surrealist.
And this, my son, is how to make the most if you are paid per hour.
Well, I don't care what Bernie would say.
Think of it like a game - you're the middle class and the snow is taxes.
Why do I always have to clean up after you?
What do you mean by 'snow shovel equality?'
Here, let me help you with the sidewalk.
Yes, people walk all over me but it's an improvement. I used to be a pushover. Ouch. And before that I was constantly screwed over.
I've got an idea....
So much for 'size matters.'
"Heart-healthy California Walnuts" to you, too!
When you get bigger, you can have this shovel.
Your find in life Son the Devil is in the detail
Got it, oxymoron! Now back to your homework!
Everyone, son, has their own path and their own journey.
Don't worry - your little sister is coming soon with the bulldozer.
Really cute snow sculpture there kid.
Want to trade?
Thanks. I'll take over from here.
When I was your age, even the snow banks looked huge.
I would help you kid but, I am running late for my aerobics class.
Smartness over brute force!
Who said you could wear MY hat?!?
That little garden gnome... always so superior.
As long as I have breath, the spectre of sexism will never darken our door, my dear.
A good analogy of the uneven distribution of wealth.
Judge me by size, do you?
Don't get me started with what happens when we go for hot dogs.
Point taken, young man, but I don't see how the squeegee helps.
Now that is how I had to do it when I was your age.
I could use a little help.
I suppose we should have expected this from Winter Storm Goldilocks.
Once I'm done here, it's off to the beach for the sun and sand.
It's not about substance, it's about style.
Hurry up, I'm working from home today.
'Any does have any chalk?
Like I tell your Mom, it's not the size of the shovel...
Now, you be sure to tell your mother what you learned this weekend.
I'm more of a details person, son.
Get out of here kid, I get paid by the hour.
Son, this shovel has been passed down by the men in our family for generations.
I was your age when I started; the shovel only feels big!
Bill was forever being led down the garden path
Okay, it's time to give Grandpa the Big Boy shovel.
Someday, Son, this will be yours.
Straight A's = small shovel.
What was in that 100% natural protein shake?
Well, I call dibs on the hot chocolate, then.
You knew I was a short order cook when you asked me to help.
Need a little help?
Didn't I tell you on your first birthday that life wasn't fair?
See what happens when your little brother wrecks the snow plow?
...and my battery's down.
It was uphill both ways when I was your age!
It's not a bigger shovel you need, it's a bigger incentive. Have you met my wife?
OK, I am finished with my 5 scoops son, time for your next five.
My wife told me I have to start paying more attention to detail.
They say today that small is the new big.
For the last time, because you have a low center of gravity and I have a bad back.
Thanks a lot, Santa -- there goes my excuse not to go in to work!
Hey Fred! I got my new fun sized shovel with the candy wrapper coupon.
Hey Ralph, you're good at standing next to a shovel. Didn't you work for the Roads Department at one time ?
I have the best intentions.
Son, someday when you grow up it will be important to remember that size is not everything.
Because I'm a partner and you're an associate.
Euclid called it an extreme and mean ratio, if you remember.
You kids think you're so smart.
It's not the size of the wave, it's motion of the ocean.
Wanna swap?
Its not just about the size of the shovel!
I'm setting you up for success.
One day this will all be yours.
We can change shovels for the driveway, okay Billy?
! ..What are you doing with that?
Size does matter!
Pretty good for old technology.
Harvey wanted his back scratched.
So just like this for forty feet and repeat.
Don't speak so softly.
Must be nice to be part of that one percent.
Be right back after I feed the dogs and hook up the sled.
Mama says you're wrong: size DOES matter.
I would ask but I think I already know the answer.
I could have used that five hours ago, Billy.
Studies say this prevents heart attacks.
I told you, size doesn't matter.
Jack Sprat thought it was time to mix things up
Work smarter, not harder is for pussies, son.
Say, could I borrow your gloves?
Does Santa know you are moonlighting?
I try to think of it as play rather than work.
Get your head out of the gutter, son!
I guess size does matter
this is a red state we always screw the little guy
For my audition, I'll be tap dancing as I shovel off to Buffalo.
Now you know why to make sure you always have a small enough desk.
Charging by the hour, not the inch kid - try it!
Don't be a Sisyphus.
I propose we forego lengthy negotiations and swap shovels now before the snow melts.
A convenient mixup, mom.
I was hoping you would get the caption.
You're not from around here, are you?
I'll have time to listen to your idea AFTER we finish this incessant shoveling.
You see, your mother was wrong: small and fast beats large and slow.
It's just an optical illusion.
I think the boss had one too many and then wrote the job order.
Do you know you're an entitled little bastard?
It's not the size of the shovel that counts, it's in the wrist motion.
Does this shovel make me look fat?
Oh sure, but think of the job creation!
Hey, grab a spoon and help me.
And this son, is how I get paid more on an hourly basis.
Consider it a valuable lesson.
I don't suppose you'd want to consider a swap...?
Tomorrow we'll get into guns vs. butter.
Rather than playing, you could help me shovel the walk!!
Great job, honey. Now go inside and get the saltshaker.
Another three hours, another foot.
What I lack in efficiency I make up for in self-satisfaction.
When you are CEO...
You lost the coin toss, get over it!
Base times height cubed divided by 12...it's gonna blow!
We'll discuss increasing your allowance later.
It's mostly the perspective!
Sorry I mentioned we switch tools, Napoleon. Carry on!
I think it's time to call a spade a spade.
A Series of Unfortunate Events
My milkshake brought all the boys to the yard.
That's when it occurred to Jacob that he'd made yet another poor life choice.
Do you have to condensate for something over there?
I'm not sure what the lesson here is anymore either.
After an hour or so, we'll switch shovels again.
You'll understand when you're old enough to drink coffee.
Rick, remember when you laughed at my shovel purchase in July?
There may be some lingering resentment.
''Baby scoops.''
Overcompensating for something?
I'll be a while!
How much more is it again for the shovel upgrade?
When you're married you'll understand.
I knew this weird combo-deal I got would make sense one day.
I can only imagine what he's going to be like as a teenager.
Typical government overreach
Beat me again. What's your secret?
I suppose that's your mother's idea.
You always want the largest, biggest and most. So stop whining!
It helps if you bend at your knees.
Your generation is too entitled.
Let's charge by the hour.
It's the size of the fight in the dog, son.
Clearing the way for your REALLY large SUV?
Watch daddy's shoveling motion and come down here and duplicate it with YOUR shovel on the rest of the sidewalk.
Perception's a bitch.
You're right, dear. My shovel works a lot better.
Son, stop playing in the snow. We've got work to do.
Life inside the snow globe had become too predictable.
Hey, low energy. Pick up the pace.
Size isn't everything.
Gotta get to the main roads 'cause I can't take another day of school called off for snow.
This is how the social security trust fund works boy. You put in that much, so I can keep taking out this much.
Mom says to tell you size does matter. ["does" underscored or in italics.]
Repeat after me; "Government contract!"
You see, it isn't the size of the tool that matters.
O Canada
Sure, heavy weights are an option but, I choose light weight and repetition!
Determination and attitude always trumps method.
Have you seen my rock salt shaker?
Lift with your knuckles, not your back.
Honey, stop playing and come dig me out.
Have a nice Spring!
Son, remember this, never paint with a broad brush.
Now you return it.
Size matters, son.
Hey, can we switch - can I borrow your hat?
trade you
Son, I think you have Daddy's snow shovel.
Ok the GPS says we are getting closer to finding the car!
Now is not the time to search for your frisbee.
I'm boutique shoveling.
All I know is that I have never hurt my back shovelling snow when I use this shovel.
Size matters less when you get to be my age.
It's not the shovel. It's how you use it!
Compensating for something?
Good, son. Now as to the other meaning of the term, 'snow job....'
I found this in your golf bag next to your putter.
It's time to start thinking big, dad.
Son, you're missing the "Zen" of snow shoveling.
We haven't had a lil'easter this bad since I was your age.
Where've you been? You could have talked me out of this days ago.
Mom was just joking around when she said you were over-compensating
But factor the internet, where millions of these are connected!
Hey, no eight-year-old ever had a coronary doing this.
Go tell Mom she made her point; size does matter!
Oh, so now you don't want the big boy shovel anymore?
That is one small scoop for a man and one giant one for man's kind.
Efficiency at it's best.
This is one of those Goldilocks moments.
It is all in the knees.
How do you feel about global warming?
Don't stop me when I'm on a roll.
And you're telling me there's a "scientific consensus"?
I was hired by the hour.
And on that day, Maurice taught his son a lesson that all the men of the Sorenson family have had to learn before him... it's not about the size, it's how you use it.
Earl was determined to prove that size doesn't matter.
It affords more precision.
This is how we do it in prison
Wanna swap hats?
Just goes to prove that size doesn't count.
Speak softly, and carry a big shovel.
Away troll, I'm not throwing my back out again.
Not another word about Florida. We New Englanders do things the hard way, son.
And so little Bobby's lesson in corporate management practices begins in a real world tutorial.
Snowballs, fun! Shovels, poo-poo!
I'll give you mine if you give me yours.
In progress: A snow life mural
People are like pigs” JP's muttered during a rush-hour epiphany, “We look up only when we get knocked flat on our backs.
I like to give the snow a sporting chance.
You see son, A poor workman blames his tools.
Son, you'll never find the end of this walk playing with that thing.
It's not the size of the tool that matters.
For the last time, I don't want to upgrade to Premium Economy.
There's an app for that?
I told you, son, I don't want to use that thing. I'm getting paid by the hour.
Mom said you might want this for the finishing touches.
The road to hell is plowed with good intentions.
I'm being paid by the hour, not the job.
What we have here,,is failure to communicate.
You continue to be a massive disappointment.
As soon as I'm done shoveling, I'll come help you with the well.
It's cheaper than the sessions with my Mistress.
He's got his mother's biceps
...and that is why Daddy needs his big truck.
Things may seem unfair sometimes, but don't worry. When you get older you will realize that they are always unfair.
You told me that size doesn't count for everything.
Remember this, "Bigger isn't always better".
Don't look at me like that, there's a reason why I want to stay out here longer.
Just like my wife says, size isn't everything!
Son, please leave that alone. That's for daddy to use when it really snows.
Maybe I should have left David Ricardo and Adam Smith out of his home schooling curriculum.
That's foolish. You pick the one right tool.
Quit complaining and keep digging. How do you think I learned to do this?
You'll understand when you're older.
You must be new to the job?
Size doesn't matter, it's all in how you use it son
No thanks. I'll stick with the one I've used since I was eight.
The size of the shovel is no indication of the desire in the heart.
I’ll use it after Nana leaves.
Daddy. is this what they mean by "misallocation of resources"?
I'm still not paying you $100 per hour!
Someone a lot smarter than either of us said "It's a poor workman who blames his tools."
Once an an archeologist,,,,,
Bend at the knees, not the waist.
Your mother has some explaining to do.
Can’t beat the pooper-scooper for heart healthy snow removal.
You are so disappointing.
It's not the size that matters, it's how you use it.
It's makes total sense when you realize it's cocaine.
"Well Harold, you DID say that you wanted my shovel"!
It's all about quality, not quantity.
Don't be knee deep in snow, therefore, use the sidewalk!
I thought you asked for a snow job!
This is about pride, son. Your mother says small tools are ineffectual.
The secret is, kid, that it's better to take a long time doing one chore than having time to do a lot of different ones.
It's not the size of the shovel...
Don't make me spell out the life lesson, Junior.
there's an obvious dick joke here, but i'm not going to tell it because you're eight and i suspect it's not, like, good parenting to give you the impression that i've spent a lot of time considering the sizes of dicks
Snow, stocks, life, whatever. It's all about leverage.
Hmm, should I tell him he's shoveling wrong? Nope, wait until he's done.
Started yesterday morning.
Wanna trade?
You should join the 'International Snow Shovelers Union' like me.
Keep digging. You're close to the treasure.
Son, eventually you'll learn to work with what you've got.
Mommy hid it because she didn't want you to have a heart attack.
I know it seems unfair, now. But when you grow up, you'll be your own hapless character trapped in an absurdist cartoon, just like Daddy.
Quick! Before the wolves come!
Most winters, I have measured out my path with coffee scoops - one at a time.
Whaddaya mean you have a blister? When I was your age, we used to do this barefoot, uphill, both ways
Why use that when I've got this app on my phone?
You'll never find Mom with that one.
If you wanna make some big money, you need to charge by the scoop.
My wife says size doesn't matter. (Note to editor: sorry in advance)
Mom says she needs her ice cream scoop back.
Blame your grandfather.
100 bucks to give me back my shovel.
Dad, remind me one more time how Socialism works !
Martha got off path and lost her way.
Remember Dad, don't lift with your wrist--lift with your knuckles.
When you grow up, you get to use the little shovel.
Tell your mom to get out here so I can finally prove to her that size doesn't matter.
Is this what you were looking for?
When you wear big boy pants, you use the baby shovel.
I get more reps this way!
Come on, Tom Sawyer is going to let me do his driveway too.
After the neighbors caught Dale fetching the paper naked, their mocking grew merciless.
It's not size that matters, Billy, it's scale.
Size doesn't matter; it's how you use it.
Stop your bitching--I keep telling you that you need to lift weights at the gym
I triple dog dare you!
I think the Post Office screwed up on our delivery again!
I've passed the shovel to a new generation, if you catch my drift.
It's either this or I talk to your mother.
Lift with your legs, not your back.
Hun, are you done shoveling? The snowcones are almost ready.
Thanks, but I really don't want to go to work today
Where were you twelve hours ago?
Put that thing away. I get paid by the hour.
Think Big,you'll grow to love it
Who ever said, size matters.
This is a direct result of "outcomes to efforts".
Have you seen the little guy with the lantern?
Make sure you tell them you charge by the hour
Hey kid, it’s not always about the size of the tool.
It's obvious that you are salaried and I am working by the hour.
OK, Quincy, you get the big shovel and in return you promise not to tell mommy about Mrs. Wainwright and me.
Overcompensate much?
The weird part is that I made it 43 years WITHOUT stepping on a crack .
Dad, stop throwing rocks!
This is the last time I'm flipping a coin with him.
Stop son, we told Mom we are only doing a little shoveling.
Its the wrong house.
You know, it's not the size of your shovel that matters, it is how you use it.
When I want your mother's advice I'll ask for it.
Communism will fix this.
When we're done here, maybe I'll give you a sip of my hot chocolate.
Why am I doing all the work with 1/50th of the shovel?
Don't give me that size and motion crap.
New item! At Costco.
Sorry, I need you to do the heavy lifting. I'm low energy and I'm weak on immigration.
Maybe we should have stopped at wife swapping.
The doctor suggested smaller portions.
I think I used the last of your little blue pills.
Come on kid, put some back into it.
When you're older, you'll appreciate the comfort of mindless, unnecessary activity.
I'm only two months into my subscription to Dollar Shovel Club.
Bernie was right.
I'm showing your mom that size isn't everything.
We don't need no stinking shovels
My fitness goal is to tell my FB followers it took me 10,000 steps to dig out.
I had to do this with my hands when I was your age, uphill, with cardboard shoes.
Ok,now do you see the difference between a Daddy shovel and a little boy's shovel?
Now Marvin, you just do what I do and we'll be finished in no time!
No, son. Like this!
That's it, Hon. Just one heaping shovel at a time.
Now, it's time to upgrade my shovel.
Son, when you grow up you will learn that effectiveness is not the same as efficiency.
Ain't know one got time for dat
How many times do I have to repeat it: it's not the size that counts, it's how you use it!
Marty got the extra large because he had something to prove.
Martha is teaching her 7-year-old son the value of speaking softly but carrying a big stick.
Told you size didn't count, its how you use it!
No, I don't cur my lawn with scissors
I'm paid by the hour how about you?
It would be so nice if you weren't here.
I call this the 'Bernie Sanders' strategy.
You have to download the app first.
"...Then use this micro shovel for more intricate detailing of your shoveled path.. Got it?
See? That what you get with socialist redistribution.
Great, now we're an idiom.
Hi Kevin careful I know it winter but don't get a frostbite.
And one day your son will keep you from having a heart attack.
See? Size doesn't matter!
You'll be done in no time.
This dynamic has grown tiresome.
Don't look at me like that, Archie. It's called damage control.
Like most people I've learned to do things the hard way while missing the much easier way. Which is often staring us in the face.
Go tell your mother it's too late for an apology!!
Instead of the dollar, I'll teach you about the trickle-down effect.
Son, let me teach you something about overtime.
I'm part of the 99percent.
I'll take it from here.
This shovel was the same size as that one three hours ago.
This is how my father plowed snow, and this is how you will plow.
You'll grow into it, then out of it.
Tell your mother I still believe velocity is more important than size. Some day you'll understand.
I get paid by the hour.
Two out of three ain't bad is bull, Jeb!
Not with my bad back.
Zen shoveling can't be rushed.
No, that's the litter scoop.
See it's easy...I'm sick and tired of little people like you complaining all the time!
Thanks, Jimmy, but this little baby ensures I miss the Academy Awards.
Daddy has to micromanage everything.
Years of psychotherapy for not letting people walk all over him was clearly a colossal fail!
See? It's what you do with it.
The trick is to lift with your legs like me.
A winter dunderland
Don't tell your mother.
Hey, dad, can I have my shovel back?
This whole shoveling thing is a lot more fun if you pretend you're at the beach.
As we always say, "Prepare of the worst, and hope for the best."
Don't think of it as a big shovel, as much as a big character builder.
For the last time, my name's not John Snow, I know winter is coming, and stop staring at me with those blue eyes....
I agree....an increase in productivity is what this country needs.
Lift with your legs, Tommy, not your back.
You're path-etic!
Wait till I tell your mother I did this with your shovel.
Is this my final boss?
And was it fair when you got to go first into the lifeboat on our cruise last month?
Looks like he had one too many drinks last night.
Try to keep up.
Size really doesn't matter.
It's ok dad mommy says you're special
It's economics, kid. I get paid by the hour.
Jeb listen to your Mother hurry we are heading to South Carolina.
The world isn’t fair . . . or efficient.
I'm sure the counselor will hear about this next week.
Same snow, different shovel, eh, Bob?
You're gonna need a smaller shovel"
Are you sure you still want the big shovel?
Watch me for a minute. See? You've gotta use your LEGS.
I only use that one for political snowjobs.
It was at that moment Herbert was glad he had bought the insurance on his cell phone.
See - it's not the size of the shovel, it's how well you use it.
I'm from Buffalo.
This is easier than that time we tried to boil the ocean.
No. It's big man with a little shovel.
hey bro
It's an optical illusion. Keep shoveling.
Just move to Southern California and size doesn't matter.
Morning, Ralph" "Morning, Sam
I'm getting you ready to work for The Man.
Doc told me to lift with my knuckles.
Just like my wife always says, "size matters."
No thanks. The last time I used that one it snowed a lot more the next day.
It's called an intentional productivity slowdown, son.
There is no "On" button.
No! Your prices are too high. It makes more sense to do it myself.
This one keeps me out longer, away from your mother.
Just because you won the bet, Joey, please don't tell mommy that we could have been finished two hours ago!
I'm paid by the hour... so shove it, kid!
I think there's another one in the garage that's just right.
Mom's great with her new snowblower.
After I conquer this shovel, do I get the big one Master?
You said you wanted equality of opportunity
You're still not getting a bigger allowance.
Good way to make up for last year's coal error.
Less is more son
...aaaaand twenty! Your turn again, son!
So I've shoveled the walk and you're my witness. I'm off for your mother.
It's easier than a path to citizenship.
That's why Santa left YOU the big one son
Because sometimes it's nice NOT to use the one-size-fits-all option.
It's called Tough Love. Or Father Knows Best. Or something...
I've been reading a lot of Aesop lately
Don't worry, I make it up to you at dinner, I 'll take the bigger steak.
It's just all a matter of perspective, son.
When you're older, you can use amphetamines like Daddy does.
You can always use that as a raft when it melts.
Don't believe women who tell you that size doesn't matter.
Thanks for the offer, but I'm almost done.
You ARE the best snow shoveler in the whole, wide world, Tommy! Now can we trade back?
Son, as my father would always say to me in a tone I never understood, ' You genius... keep working hard, not smart. You have a real bright future ahead of you.'
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
It's not about the size, it's about how you use it.
I never should have told your mother that size doesn't matter.
It's worn down over the years, but it still does the job!
Back in my day.
I'm an artist, not a garage painter!
Hey!, you wanted the big shovel
It's called seniority son.check with your union rep.
Is your mother sure this will help me shovel off the pounds?
Great! I'm almost done now. Where were you three days ago?
What's wrong in this picture?
You can have your shovel back. She tok the picture.
Will you be done in time to take me to school?
Forget the shovel. Go into the house and get your toothbrush to help daddy clean the walk.
After we're done we can make a thimble of hot chocolate.
You have just created a sidewalk to nowhere.
$50 or the snow goes back on the sidewalk.
I told you I could do anything with this i-phone!
Inefficiencies of scale.
You'll understand why that's not a better shovel when you're married.
Big guy, don't you know something is wrong here?
It's because I expect big things of you, son.
How much for the large shovel?
Put that away! I told the boss I'd be in when I was finished shoveling.
I know seems like I'm really shoveling it, but trust me, you'll grow into it.
Keep shoveling while I try to unfreeze my light saber.
Thanks, but I'm in no hurry...I'm on my way to work.
Did I say you could play with my tanning reflector?
Alright, so it's not as easy as it looks.
Give a call to Goldilocks to come on over with her shovel
You see son, size really doesn't matter.
Who is your father, he is way too harsh.
If I made it easy for you, that would be socialism.
Thanks for offering, but I'm getting paid by the hour.
Someday you will learn, son, that it helps to adapt when you're not well endowed.
A little goes a long way when you're all hot and bothered.
Dear, Looks great so far.Just a little more shoveling and we will be done. Way to go!
Remember, son, it's not the size of the shovel that counts, but the size of the man with the shovel.
I have a bigger shovel, but the wife wants to talk about feelings when I'm done.
Your mother wants me to teach you about fairness.
Compensating much, Larry?
Son, THIS is what separates an artist from the plebeians.
Stop complaining. You're the one who wanted to move to Russia.
I said "No, thank you.", not "Snow? Thank you!"
Grandma's house looks smaller than when I was your age.
Thank you son, but spatulas are a family tradition.
I'm not blocking the sidewalk; I am the sidewalk.
That's only your perspective.
I'm being paid by the hour.
I lost the bet. No reason to taunt me.
Further evidence that it's all in the motion and not the size.
It's not the size of the shovel in the snow, it's the size of the man with the shovel.
Life is hard and don't you ever forget it.
I suppose there was an app for that, too.
It's not the size, it's how you use it.
Oh no, life's nothing but an Etcha-a-S . . .
You kids and your newfangled technology.
It's not the size of the shovel that matters...
No, that takes all the fun out of it.
I've been trying to get Margie out of her 'bigger is better' mindset.
Shovel-off!
They say that, "Little strokes fell mighty oaks," but I think you might be onto something!
Keep shoveling!!
Sure, it takes longer, but artisanal small-batch shoveling leaves each sidewalk truly unique.
What do you think I,m trying to say?
See!? It's all in the wrist.
Hey Pep, welcome to "heart attack neighborhood"!
Hey...I'm just scraping by!
I'll trade you this spoon and a Happy Meal, for the shovel.
By my age, you’ll believe that size doesn’t matter.
Sir, would you still need my shovel?
Go screw yourself.
I don't what's worse--the fact that you're standing on the lawn instead of helping or that we have our forced perspective shovels mixed up.
Are you sure the Amazon drone got the right addresses?
Some women might tell you that size matters, but I know my wife.
Son, why aren't you following in my footsteps?
Where's the challenge?
Ergonomics
It's better for my FitBit!
I still think they were worth the free shipping.
That's not what I meant when I asked for a little help.
Have you seen Goldilocks?
My doctor told me that using a snow shovel could lead to a heart attack.
When you hit metal, it's the SUV.
Is he holding the shovel or is the shovel holding him?
Consider it a $5.00 upgrade with a Sig.given That Where were you last week when I started this project?
I hear these new shovels pose less of a heart attack risk.
Looks like you're gonna lose the bet, son.
these kids are early adapters
One flew over the cuckoo's chest.
The story of modern day Sisyphus
Quit trying that antique and use this app I just downloaded.
I'll get some here, son. You can clear out the rest.
You see, son, always set low expectations and you will reach your goals.
Go ahead, take your time with your huge shovel.
Quickly, before the kids come!
" Now you show up, where were you 11 hours ago"?
Who said Bigger was better!
You see, there's an inverse correlation between the size of the shovel and the amount of character built.
I'm farther away than I appear.
What are you waiting for, we don't have all day.
When I was your age, we didn't even have SPATULAS!
It's my fair share.
No. I don't know what happened to your shovel.
As you might have surmised, son, this is a lesson about size.
The key is lifting with your legs.
Miley's here.
Yes, my shovel is 99% bigger, but you're 99% bigger than me. So it works out. Keep shoveling.
Do you still think size doesn't matter?
Dear lord, it wasn't funny the first time...
That's right, son . . . . Now yours is bigger.
But mom why does Timmy get the big shovel
I have a family history of heart disease
I believe in quality, not quantity.
It's what the 1% call fair and balanced.
Never bring a big shovel to a snowball fight, little man!
Remember, anything worth doing, is worth doing in the hardest possible way.
Hurry up, shorty.
Ha! It's not the size of the shovel, it's the devotion to motion!
Think positive!
We can't go to Grandma's recital until we're done.
This better be the last of it.
Call your mother. This could go viral.
You can put it back now.
It's Shovel Time!
This is fair, Mikey. You eat for free here 365 days a year.
Hang on, I'll get the salt shaker.
Why do I always get the 'short end of the stick'
Yes, the whole lawn! That's why you have the BIG shovel!
In my day I had to use the big shovel, too.
Your suggestion is an intriguing one.
It's not the size of the shovel, son.
Son, it's all about doing more with less.
Shrinkage
Whoever said life was fair?
You should be using your legs, not your back.
I like a challenge.
One small step for man, one giant leap for canine.
Something is just not right about this
It is all about leverage!
I guess it's true what they say: shovel softly and carry a big stick!
It’s time you learned about managing people’s expectations.
Last one in is a rotten egg
Plooity Doop. PLOOITY DOOP.
What? And give up snow business?
Listen, kid. Someone gave you a snow job.
Let this be a lesson to you, son. Never bite off more than you can chew.
How about you clean out the litter box and we call it even?
Thanks son, but it's either this or sleep in the dog house.
Unlike some pathetic losers I know, I prefer to undercompensate.
Why when I was your age I had to shovel snow with a popsicle stick!
Because I said so, that's why.
Customer Service training isn't so bad.
New iShovel?
Guess which one is the Republican!
Don't overexert yourself, Junior!
I want him to know that size doesn't matter
Absolutely that's Santa's shovel!
Tell me again how you don't leave footprints.
Your sister stayed on the sidewalk.
...and spoil the fun?
See, this little one works just fine. Now why don't you try?
Son, I've told you a thousand times it's not about the wand, it's about the magician.
When I was your age, all we had were thumb shovels.
I see you've found the pool.
Another Chinese invention that will put Americans out of work
For the last time, put that giant spatula away, grab a trowel, and help me clear the sidewalk!
Shovelling snow is hard work, at least from my perspective.
Perspective is everything.
A good worker never blames his tools.
Not only does it work better but the Mexicans are paying for it!
Happy "freaky Friday" George!
You'll hurt your back if you're not careful!
Your problem is that you're lifting with your back instead of your legs.
better clean up before I get my coffee
Does the house look smaller to you?
Working hard? Or hardly working?
See, it's how you use it that really counts
sorry dude....One size fits all does not apply here
This is better for my back.
Hey dad, still think size doesn't matter?
Just once I'd like to see you finish a snowjob!
Please say, you see what I mean.
Compensating much?
Sure, it would be easier. But the detailing would be all wrong.
You know, my mother told me not to marry a man that couldn't lift a shovel.
Your mother finds emasculation amusing. That is why.
Try choking up on the handle.
Apparently you don't know how to use yours.
How...how long have you been watching?
Son, it's not the size that matters, but what you do with it that counts.
The guy at the hardware store said size doesn't matter
It's not the size of the dog in the fight.....it's the size of the fight in the dog.
My shovel started out that big
I'm not telling him about the perils of salmonella!
Because it's the little details that really make the sidewalk pop!
Don't wait up.
I told you I don't need any fancy labor-saving devices! Now go get a toothbrush. After this I've got to clean the kitchen floor.
Why don't you go help your mother.She deserves your services.
Fifteen bucks an hour and I'll tell the rest of the third grade to stand down.
You're good.
Size matters.
Fifteen bucks an hour and the third grade stands down.
Looks like you could use a little help
You should have seen the size of this one at the beginning of the debates!
I may have to reconsider my belief in global warming.
It was his last bet.
That would have been helpful twelve hours ago.
I'm sick of these clear paths to nowhere!
When you're my age, you'll need one like this too
It's all about perspective, son.
Always have the right tool for the job, son. That's what my daddy taught me.
Don't give me that look I couldn't find the other shovel.
Too want your father to avoid a massive heart attack, don't you?
Because I'm management, that's why.
Put your back into it.
I think you're CEO material.
Hank and Ernie simultaneously develop a bad case of shovel envy.
No really, you've done your share. So let's trade back now, okay?
It's the little things in life that count.
It's not the size of the shovel in the hand...
Parenting 2016: "Are you tired buddy"?
Bend your knees more and flex your wrists.
A spoonful of sugar helps the snowbank go down.
You had your choice, now shovel the driveway.
As I told your mother, bigger is not necessarily better.
Bigger is not always better.
Did you still want this?
I'm the right fool for the job.
Son you must realize age and wisdom will always win over youth!
You don't have to understand me now son, but someday when you're living with someone, you will.
Weather permitting the right one's ineffectual on the main path. . .
Once again, you have failed to catch my drift.
What the hell is in my hand?
Dad, not THAT kind of compensation.
No you know how I feel when we go to the beach.
Haven't you heard of the butterfly effect?
Son, size doesn't matter as long as you get the job done.
It's 2016. Aren't robots supposed to do this?
you will need just as big an ego to make an impression out here.
Your allowance just became non-non-negotiable.
See what I can do with a little tool?
Just going to make sure that washing powder commercial is kosher.
My ally is the force.
Fancy a trade?
You're lucky. Back in my day my father didn't help me.
I couldn`t allow my "Global warming" friends see me do that!
You see son, it's not really work, if you love what you do.
I'll just be over here till spring...don't mind me
Thank you my son, put your mother went out of her way to buy me this wonderful shovel last Father's Day
It's not the size of the shovel in the fight; it's the size of the fight in the shovel.
Go back inside and tell your mother that size does not matter!
Son, we just have to use the gifts God gave us.
No thanks, son. I enjoy a more intimate contact with snow,
I'll be down to the corner by spring time. You can just hold that there.
Forget character. You're learning a valuable lesson in strategizing expectations.
I'm a grower not a shower.
and now your mother has finally found the shovel
Well son, gave you a good start. I'm off to the gym.
You see son, this is what balance of power means!
No, Henry, I am not eating a Popsicle. Let's just get on with our work shall we?
It was right where mom said, hanging in front of your face.
The yellow snow is gluten free
Where's your brother?
A good workman never complains of his tools.
Hey dad, you know you don't have Scalia on the Court to protect your rights anymore.
Great! Just great. Now my inferiority complex is going to kick in.
So you've worked for years in Gnome up north?
Yes I overcompensate. People with small shovels often do.
I'll be back soon.
It takes a big man to admit he has a small shovel.
Not, I don't have snow shovel envy
My normal job? I work for the government.
No, I can't come dig you out!
Bend at your knees!
No thanks Ed, I don’t need to borrow your shovel, I’m getting paid by the hour!
Honestly, I only picked the little shovel because you wanted it.
But, your health insurance is better than mine.
No, you can use that one. I don't mind.
I hope you never have to hear this again son, but remember, it's not the size of your tool that counts.
Stay out of my territory.
Some day you'll thank me for this.
This is what happens when shovels are issued according to need!
Snow maintenance with the Bergerons.
Remember, son, size isn't everything.
Bigger is not necessarily better -- it depends how you use it.
Is that a lawn gnome or just a really small man?
I'm almost finished,then we'll play
In old age Len began to encounter his ironic other self.
Someday you'll find true love, settle down, and begin the life long quest for chores that take an extremely long time.
Yes son, I have a small tool. But size doesn't matter.
It's all perspective, Bobby.
No, tax laws aren't anything like this, Son.
Kinda symbolic, ain't it?
Remember, it's all about leverage.
I told you, we're getting paid by the hour.
Pitch one of them snowballs in here.
Because I'm the detail man that's why!!!
Of course I said,"go back, Phil," not "go backfill."
I'm a pollster looking for angry voters.
Because, I'm not mechanically inclined, that's why!
No thank you my son, I'm deeply devoted to my minimalism
Only the mediocre workman blames his tools!
I'm trying to get cut in time for swimsuit season
One day when you are older Daddy will let you use the little shovel.
Government-run snow removal.
Sure, but my way builds character.
Leap year rules
Who said size matters?
No you idiot, you gotta use a little gold spoon.
No Thanks - I'm trying to beat mom's Fitbit total
I'm no different than the rest of you, just more comfortable.
Whaddya mean "size matters?"
It's so beautiful! Make it last, son!
Do not underestimate the Espresso, Dan.
Remember, it's not the size, but the motion.
Hope you can handle it son I'm going to get another one.
I'm using the new Apple Smart Shovel 6.
Another snow job!
Use the force Luke; let go Luke....trust me
I'll take it! This one's just about used up.
Over the shoulder. Around the house. Nothing but net.
You should see how I paint the house in the summer.
Its not the size of the shovel, it's the fury of the attack.
It's all in the ergonomics.
Hi-tech my ass! I'll bet, you can't slide down a chimney with that thing!
It's not the size that counts.
I guess size really does matter.
See? What you wanna do is lift with your knees.
You just have to put your back in it, son!
Son - your mother just told us to shovel the sidewalk. She did not specify how quickly she would like us to complete the task.
Wanna exchange shovels?
Convinced?
I don't understand it either but The New Yorker recommended this strategy.
Son, you are all shovel, no snow.
If the Lord wanted you to have the smaller shovel he would have made me give you the smaller shovel.
You can tell your mother I prefer this one.
Would this have helped?
Son, don’t think for a minute that I haven’t learned a thing or two from my years working for the government.
Hey Tom, what time does Dumb and Dumber come on?
- A Bad Case of Shovel Envy
It's ergonomic, you say?.
Son, a good carpenter doesn't blame his tools.
Is your mother trying to give me a heart attack?
You missed a spot...
Why do you keep asking if I'm sure that I'm your father?
It's not the size of the tool, it's how you use it.
This would be a funny New Yorker cartoon.
Mom says you're avoiding her.
Have you noticed, whenever we shovel Gahan Wilson's walk, something weird happens?
You'll understand when you have your own kids.
i'm running to the store to get a smaller shovel, lol. forgot you were tiny
I think I've made my point.
As you get older, son, you'll realize that it's the little things in life that make a difference.
When the snow melts I want to paint the house with a toothbrush.
I don't know which is deeper and more annoying, the snow or the metaphor?
Someday son, when you're older and have acute lumbar stenosis, you'll understand.
Then again, if we were smart about this we'd move to San Diego.
Always remember, son - size doesn't matter. It's how you use it.
That's the last time you tell Mom about Dad's secret beer cooler.
Still no snow shovel. But I did find this giant spatula...
See, this is how the GOP has fixed our economy. I'm so big I can dominate the market even though you have a much better product.
Thanks, but as an artisinal shoveller I insist on craft and precision.
I'm proving a point to your mother.
It's all about billable shovels full.
It's not the size of the tool that matters, it's how you use it.
I'm an archaeologist, not a brute.
But that's for snow. This is kitty litter.
Thanks, son. But I prefer this one as a metaphor for my life.
When *you* spend $130 on a hand-carved artisanal teak snow trowel, you'll understand.
I guess you're right. Every family has one over achiever and a one under achiever.
That's it! Put your back in it!
Yes, tell your grandmother I'll be in as soon as I'm done shoveling the walk
Get inside with that before your mother sees you.
But don't start thinking you're too big to fail!
I better not find yellow snow behind that shovel.
It's not snow, it's a metaphor for how the 1% pay taxes.
Hey hey, we're The Monkees... and people say we monkey around!
And better yet, it runs off just two triple A batteries.
What? I hate shoveling!
It's the journey.
You're a horse's ass, son.
What do you mean I'm a micro manager?
You should see my umbrella.
Don't you always say bigger is better?
It's spreading--White Oscars Night.
After you finish the lawn, start on the roof.
Holler if you need me.
I appreciate your ambition, son. It seems you can take it from here.
I'm demanding the big shovel in our divorce settlement, Mildred.
I think our perspective on shovels is wrong.
No, thank you. I promised your mother I would reduce my carbon footprint.
You need to work harder if we're going to make America great again.
See it's not the size of the shovel that matters, it's the person using it.
Walk loudly and carry a small shovel
You're receiving a warning from the Association Ralph for the imperfectly shoveled walkway.
See son size doesn't matter.
I don't think you're worthy of Excalibur son. Try again after you finish your homework!
You need to work harder at undercompensating!
Bernie Sanders voter in a snow storm
You see? It's not the engine, it's the engineer.
So much for one size fits all.
Hard work is the greatest tool.
I charge by the hour.
Soon as we're done here, we'll switch shovels, and I'll bash your head in.
I thought size didn't matter!
For the last time, I'm sorry I forced you to take your allowance in shovels.
I'm really tired of hearing that size matters
Thus, you see, son, coffee is God!
Size doesn't matter as much as technique.
What's the sport in that?
You can tell your mom it's my heart healthy shovel and I need a few more hours.
Same thing happened when I wished for a car, too.
It's called stimulus. I'm a job creator!
And this is what would happen if Washington bureaucrats told us how to live our lives son.
It's not a race son.
I guess the saying also applies to shoveling snow.
Dad, is this what you meant when you told mom size doesn't matter?
When you get to be my age you'll realize that size doesn't matter.
It's not the size of the shovel, but the snow that you move.
Hey, the project is shovel-ready.
It's not a race...Zippy!
Eek Gad, Junior!? You'll get a heart attack!
'...Let's swap wives too'
Hypothermia or no, much safer finding Mom with this, son.
Why does it seem like I'm doing all of the work?
Who does your contracts?
Didn't you listen to your mom, work harder not smarter.
When I was your age we didn't have big shovels. We had garden trowels AND WE LIKED IT!
Put that back until your grandmother leaves.
Hey buddy I think you need some hot chocolate.
Laugh! I like to make my fun in the snow to last.
Good heavens! It's a 'white out' .
Oh, *that* other shovel.
Extremes are not cool.
You see son, size does matter.
Think we should swap shovels ?
DID I TELL YOU MY DIET DOESN'T SEEM TO BE WORKING EITHER?
Let this be a lesson: It’s not how big it is, it’s what you do with it.
Remember, son, your allowance will reflect your contribution.
Hey, when I was your age, I didn't get any help shoveling.
Keep at it, two hands and use your knees.
Thanks, son, this one's fine.
Son. I gave you the coolest snow shovel ever made.
Junior! It's not the size but how you use it.
Remember son, use this shovel when they're paying you by the hour.
You keep it, son. I'm in no hurry to reach the office.
Doctor's orders, son! I have to cut back on everything!
See son--it's not how big it is, it's how you use it.
son, remember it not how much you shovel but how much you feel that you shoveled.
The Ironics never fully appreciated their family name.
Now you can see for yourself how important it is to eat your vegetables.
I think you've got my glasses also, this thing looked a lot bigger in the shed.
Are we done yet?
And that, son, is the difference between capitalism and socialism.
Advances in artificial intelligence oblige us to increase the demand for manual labor.
Why Are You Shoveling? It's Going to be 50 Degrees Tomorrow.
I don't care what your Mom said, I'm not paying you by the flake.
No. I don't think snow is mentioned in the Bible.
Technique, my boy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and ...
Question: What's wrong with this picture? Answer: My neighbor has cleared part of his sidewalk even before the snow melted for a change.
Well at least you can't accuse me of compensating for something.
I figure that by the time I finish, the snow will have melted.
Keep at it and tomorrow you get to drive the Escalade to school.
I'm assuming they haven't covered the concept of proportions at school yet.
You shoveled the heavy snow now let me handle the light snow.
Mom wants you to come in for your hors d'oeuvres.
Tough, grow up kiddo!
It's really all a matter of virtual perspective.
Please Dad, Not another one of your when I was your age stories
It only looks bigger because you're so small!
Next year I'm buying a smaller shovel!
Son, let this be a life lesson for you: sometimes the other guy gets the 'cushy' job!
Back in my day we hand shoveled and we like it !
The economy size gets better mileage.
Butt out, kid, I'm on a roll...
Are you sure it isn't a snow day?
Hey Dad, Mom says maybe you could use this instead of a spatula.
Hi Mr. Gibbs, my Dad borrowed your shovel.
Are you really sure you want to trade the easy job for the hard job?
It's all in the legs, Marge!
Because you speaks so softly, that's why.
No, really!" "If you have a better way of doing this I'd love to hear it!
It's called cross training.
I bill by the hour.
I think I took her "size doesn't matter" too broadly.
Do you have any evidence that I swapped mine for yours?
Tell your mother I'm not pouting about the snowblower.
It's a lesson in politics, Jeffery.
that was the day I learned,... size matters.
Snowed in?
No, thanks... With this one I only have to worry about suffering a wrist attack.
I told you size has got nothing to do with it.
That's what's wrong with your generation, no finesse..
Sorry, got to go.
A snowed in magician's energy would be better spend making the snow disappear.
No, really, this is all I need. The weather channel said it would be light snow today.
Thank you for your help.
Get on the walkway dummy!
There are no shortcuts in life son
Mom says to use this to shovel the walk unless you want her to flip the burgers with a plunger
Hey, at least I'm prepared for global warming!
I asked my teacher today about child labor laws.
Size has nothing to do with it, son.
Tell Harvey to mind his own business.
Oh gnome you didn't!
Hey son, this is what I call teamwork!
If I can do it with this tiny shovel, then YOU can do it with...oh, I did it. Well played.
So big shot - you got the huge shovel and can't still get the snow off the sidewalk - so much for your high IQ.
No, I won't trade shovels.
It's all about attention to detail.
Looks like I'm still getting more per hour.
That would've been useful two hours ago
"978,979....I was right Mr. Know it all. It takes your shovel more scoops than....heeeeyyyy
Why do I have to use the non-GMO shovel?
We can do this the hard way or we can do this the easy way, son.
It's the motion in the snocean
Learn, little man: The secret is: there's always "the right tool for the right job."
I'm glad you like it, Donald, but it's not for sale.
Don't look so smug, I charge by the hour.
Hey Dad - last night I heard Mom say your tool isn't big enough.
Can you finish drawing this cartoon so I can see the punchline
Keep burying yourself John. You can't make snowballs until your testicles are properly frozen.
Told ya. It's not how big it is, it's how you use it.
NOW you tell me you left it laying on the lawn?
"No, it doesn't correspond to my shovel size!'
It was my first shovel. Mommy gave it to me before I could walk, OK.
The New Yorker cartoonists aren't putting much thought into it anymore.
You can use my shovel next time
If you think this is so funny go audition for the Coen brothers!
Ned thinks to himself, if I have the right tools and cooperation we can keep this path open and safe.
I thought you said size doesn't really matter?
"I'll see you tomorrow,I have to do the driveway".
It's your perspective.
The question isn't who let me take your shovel; it's who is going to stop me.
I tried flipping the pancakes with this, but I would really prefer that spatula.
The snow shovel would get it done more quickly, but with the hand shovel I'm closer to God.
Now who's the one-percenter?
Where were you nine hours ago?
Sure, I'm a sadistic little bastard, but at least I can clear my browser history.
You WANTED my big shovel................I GAVE you my big shovel............ Now what's wrong ? !
After this let's go to Hooters.
Want to trade shovels
Good work, keep it up!
What's taking you so long Henry?
I wish I never took him to see Trump's helicopter.
Ready to try the Speed Shovel, son?
No thanks. I need an excuse to be out of the house longer.
Over here, Johnney. Like this.
No, I'm just scooping enough for a snow cone.
Don't ever let anyone tell you that size matters.
Now do you believe in ergonomics?
I promised to take your mother shoe shopping as soon as I was finished.
Global success
I hated my dad, and now you'll hate yours.
Shovels don't clear sidewalks, people clear sidewalks.
Technique is the key, my boy, not size! Remember that.
It's not the arrow - it's the Indian.
Son, you'll never get a government job with that kind of thinking.
Nah. My back's already killing me!
No thanks, kid. I get paid per shovelful.
You kids these days want the easy way out.
Don't give me that look; I'm not the one that has to earn my allowance.
Little, big. Big, little
The trowel troll strikes again.
Judge me when you're married.
I'm not moving until we have a little more parity and..... you can put MY shovel back in the sandbox where you got it.
Of COURSE you can shovel better than I can. You're younger!
Darn, that's not our house.
It's not the size of the tool but how you use it Freddie.
There are no shortcuts to success, son.
Son, isn't it easier with the big manly shovel?
Shovel Envy
This is my fetish.
The global warming generation, ha! Can't even handle a little snow storm.
No more calling 'Shotgun'
The Slow Movement doesn't take a snow day, son.
Lift with your legs; not with your back.
Can we please switch already.
Son, you do it like this. . .
Just follow my lead. It's called style over substance.
Choke up.
Now--after 9 hours? Seriously?
'I'll shovel off to the mailbox, I need you to shovel off to Buffalo.'
I see you found the uncovered well...
So how do you like Canada so far?
It's like your mother always says: It's not the size, it's how you use it.
That's a Big Boy shovel. Big Boy politicians want us to do more with less.
That's what she said.
Thanks, Obama.
I started doing this when I was your age...
Shovel what you can. Global warming should take care of the rest.
Choose life.
You don't bring a small shovel to a snowfight
Damn Roy, when you started shoveling the snow, you were 5ft 7 inches tall! Now look at you! I need a drink, fast!
I'm sorry you think this is a snow job."
Watch closely, this is how my father taught me.
What do you mean I'm lacking perspective?
Next year, You can use the iShovel.
I am starting to understand why your grass is always greener.
If only I had bought two big shovels.
Even after 25 years I still like to prove to your mother that size doesn't matter.
Hey dad! Mom told me to bring this to you. She thinks you are avoiding her!!!
Are you in my way?
. . . So then I said, does size really matter? And, well, here we are.
When you reach China, we'll switch back.
Honey, I shrunk my snow shovel and grandpa.
Moore's Law applies to everything these days.
It's not the size of your implement, but how you implement your strategy.
Some day you'll appreciate daddy's artisanal snow craft.
Objects are larger than they appear
It's a matter of perspective.
I guess it is the motion in the ocean!
Hey, leave your mom alone!
Because I'm proving to your Mom that size isn't everything.
Size isn't the only thing that matters.
i have shovel envy :)
Son: Santa is a myth! You want to sweep the roof, go for it!
It did not come from "the cloud"
'Mama's calling'
It's called the quicker picker upper
I'm only going to show you how to do it ONE MORE TIME!
Next time like usual, sonny. See, here's the SCOOP: If I get home in time, the missus insists we go to the Trump rally... .
It's not the size of the scoop in the snow, it's the size of the snow in the scoop.
It's Effective!
Maybe you should stick to caddying in the summer.
See son - it's all in the wrist.
Where were you three hours ago?
Yes, I'm a congressman. Why do you ask?
Mom's got her glasses on backwards again.
If I give you the little shovel, will you stop putting the snow back on the sidewalk?
All that work to die a virgin!
Stop shoveling outside of the box!
Believe me it's better than a bar mitzvah, and heck of a lot cheaper! Mazel tov, son.
Son, did you ghost write the Art of the Deal?
I'm following the Yellow Brick Road.
Size matters? Ha!
Like I told your Mother, size doesn't matter.
Watch me carefully, son, I'm about to teach you the value of pointless toil.
Tell your mother I saw her shadow and will be back in six weeks.
Does this shovel make my butt look big?
Time to trade, yet?
It's not the size of your shovel son, it's how you use it.
Showoff!
Like this, only bigger!
Who knew hell is so white
Mine's a gift from my cardiologist.
We weren't hired to shovel the lawn.
See son, I told you it's not the size that matters, it's how well you use it that counts!
I get paid so much a shovel full....how about you
It's all in the wrist, son.
I know your wife told you that size doesn't matter. But...
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
Let me know when you want to switch.
Well done, dear. Looks like all that CrossFit is really paying off.
I'm preparing for climate change.
More shoveling, less self-esteem.
sometimes less is more
I think I finally know how you feel
No thanks. Go back in - I'll be a couple more hours.
Can I get you an orange syrup?
You mocking me, son.
Because when I'm done shoveling the sidewalk I have to rub Grandma's nasty feet, that's why.
I had to win the gambling with a son and get bigger one...
Where's Casey Neistat when you need a laugh !!!!!!!!!
Fine. Knock yourself out, Napoleon.
Thanks son, that would be faster, but then Daddy would be telling fibs to his boss about not being able to get in to work all week.
Son, Monday morning is a very bad time to renegotiate your compensation with the boss.
You have to use your legs.
This isn't what I meant when I said all you need is good work ethic.
It's not how much snow you can push, son, it's how much of the sidewalk you can clear.
Hey, I thought I told you to pick up a shovel at the union hall!
You're lucky. Back when I was a boy my father wouldn't help me like this.
It's easy if you put your legs into it, like this
Whaddaya mean I never listen to you?
Funny, I could've sworn I made that ice sculpture better proportioned.
To each their own workout routine.
Now let's talk about your allowance.
Son, you know that's our display shovel.
It may be small, but I know what to do with it and the wife's just happy I can go so fast!
I know life is unfair thank you very much.
I can't stay warm using the big shovel.
For some reason I keep thinking it's Tuesday
Just a little more and you'll be able to do your own house.
Well you wanted to play in the snow. Why don’t you stay out a couple more hours and clean off the roof.
This isn't as funny as I thought it would be.
Remember how I love bonsai?
Would you please dig a six-foot hole and climb into it, son?
Damn Daniel!!
You have to work your way up to the toy shovel, Jimmy.
...and it's an ice cream scoop. So, do you want to trade?
Are you sure you don't want to trade shovels?
Ma! I think I'm ready for the big shovel now.
Yea well its the journey not the destination ,right
Trumped again
I like the process.
Yes, I could use a bigger shovel but I want to see if I can get the feel of what it is like to go through life with a micro penis.
There's a lesson here - grasp it and the shovel - but not in that order.
No, this is not a 'metaphor' for anything, you little know-it-all.
Your shovel is too small.
Oh, now! When I was just your age, they gave me this paint-scraper. Do you hear me whining?
"It's quite simple: Quality over Quantity.
One day, when you're old enough, this will be a useful metaphor
Income inequality has its consequences.
It helps me to meet my FitBit goal.
Just our luck. Heaviest snow in years and we get a cartoonist with no sense of perspective.
If you're not going to help, shovel off.
What did you expect? I'm for Bernie Sanders.
Why do you always do things the hard way?
It's not the size of the shovel that counts,It's the size behind the shovel."
All I'm saying is it's a matter of perspective.
If we switch back again then you'd be no better than Trump, is that what you want?
I thought this was taking more time than usual
One day, you'll have a little one. Just like this.
I'm going to make an abominable snowman.
John - I'm sorry, but American inequality goes far beyond the housing market.
Someday you will understand and appreciate the difference in "hourly wage" and "salary wage"
When you finish the lawn, I'll fix you a sno-cone.
You remind me of Jeb!
All I asked for was a little help clearing the snow . . . a Gnome from Nome and a soup spoon is what I got
Remember, it's not the size of the snow shovel in the fight; it's the size of fight you put in your snow shovel.
Social Security Broke, Chores Replace Checks.
" Have fun, Im going to "DISNEYLAND".
It isn't about the size son, its how you use it.
I'm taking care of the top 1%.
It's not about how quickly the job gets done, Timmy. It's about how much time I get away from your mother.
Naw, I need the exercise!
Pop, let's trade, I'll take the shovel you take this spatula!
The next storm is yours.
Bigger isn't necessarily better, son.
My spatula works on the theory quantity coupled with exertion secures the needed result. In other words, size doesn't matter!
"Trust me, I used to play football".
You mean it's not "work harder, not smarter"?
Anthropologie, I guess you went to Costco.
Hey dad, we've been out here doing our sidewalk for 6 hours, can I go in now?
Here's the scoop.
What does It look like I'm doing. I'm making snow pancakes
Thanks, but my cardiologist warned me against scooping too much snow at a time.
... and toss.
See how I use my knees, and not my back, to put the snow in the neighbor's yard?
I'm just putting the finishing touches on what you started.
You'll understand when you're older. It's not the size of the tool-- it's how you use it.
Now you come?
Please thank your mother, but remind her - bigger isn't always better.
My cardiologist recommended a heart healthy lifestyle
Why don't we try on each others' shoes and see if that makes things easier?
See. Just like daddy.
That's what you call a shovel. This is a SHOVEL
...and here I thought Florida was supposed to be an escape from the frozen north, and I'd never need a snow shovel again!!!
It's time you learned about working for senior management.
I suppose you want a participation trophy.
Don't you know how to use that big shovel son?
Well the good news is we don't have earthquakes here.
Your'e right, I am less likely to die of a heart attack with this shovel, but I'm more likely to die of old age.
Son. The key to success, is to do more with less.
Should have had another son.
The trick is to start before it snows
Pick up the pace!
You have a bright future in upper management.
No wonder you're being bullied in school.
It isn't the size of the shovel that counts...it's the technique.
In my day, we shoveled snow with a spatula.
No Sisyphus, and I don't want to hear that kind of talk from you ever again!
It's a journey, not a destination.
When you grow up you'll make better choices.
What a tool!!!
Hey, these aren't my glasses.
Thanks, but I'm getting paid by the hour, if you get my drift.
Building a wall won't make you any safer, Son, so let's trade shovels.
This seemed like the fairest division of labor for you to earn your allowance.
If my scoop is ten times smaller, when will we finish Johnny?
It's not the size of the shovel, but the size of the man inside that determines permanence.
Honey, it's a lot easier if you hold the shovel like this.
You call it unfairness. I call it seniority.
Found it!
... and that's why they call it Management.
I have an idea: let's switch coats.
Where do I get one of those?
You know, there's an app for that.
This is as good a time as any to teach you that size doesn't matter.
As I told you during our talk, size doesn't matter.
At least yours doesn't make your butt look big.
So who wants to grow up big and strong like you, Daddy, now?
So are you that self ploughing plough from Google?
Don't blame the tool, son.
This spatula turned a retirement job into a retirement career.
It's a long winter, you'll grow into the shovel.
Your shovel dramatically captures the essence of pure winter bliss.
Get lost, kid, this is my territory!
It's not the size of the shovel. It's the volume of fried beans.
What is this thing in my left hand?
See? Manual labor is not at all like Minecraft.
I said do your best to make Dad look "athletic" not "pathetic".
It is quality, not quantity, that is the most personally satisfying.
Don't kid yourself, Bob! Size doesn't matter.
Dad, Mom said take this shovel. She's sorry but size does matter.
Arm wrestling to decide who gets to use the 'big boy' shovel is fun isn't it, Danny?
Hurry son, your mom will be here any minute.
Is this the Mr. Softie residence .
Shoveling is a journey, son, not a destination.
The problem is you're holding it wrong.
I'm still wining Big Boy!
See Nelson, then I'll follow behind you and get the cracks. We'll be a great team!
You just have to put your back into it.
Hey Jeb, remind you of anything? A little goes a long way and a lot goes no where.
First life lesson for you son. "Size does not matter". And if you don't believe me, ask your mom.
You oughta be in snow business!
It's all about perspective.
Tell Mom I'll watch the debates as soon as I finish shoveling.
Cardio!
Sorry, but I need the small shovel for precision digging.
When I told you to shovel your own weight, I didn't mean for you to include the shovel.
I am leaving, going to Florida
No, I am not complaining.
It's like Social Security. You'll understand when you're older, and even more resentful.
Short man. Tall Shovel
Ok, Son...Daddy's turn to be middle manager.
Don't worry! When you're my age there won't be any snow left.
Sydney, I have a better idea. Lets go buy a snowblower.
'Lazy kids will do anything to avoid work."
Just sign the union agreement and this can be yours!
I have to acknowledge shovel envy is real.
2016: A mini-shovel-using parallel universe is saved from oblivion by the appearance of the child prophet.
Call me a "simpleton" again and you'll be wearing my boots as well, young man.
Yea, but when i'm done it will be spring.
Who said life is fair, son?
It's an election year - a blizzard of lies.
That issue of The Watchtower in my bathroom isn't just going to replace itself!
You know work is just another four letter word
I think you are pushing the envelope on this delegation deal, Dad.
I named my shovel "El Nino"
But Mom told me size really *does* matter
Heh. Looks like somebody's compensating. Not me. Look how small my shovel is. You know what means, don't you, kid? You got a small dick. I got a big one. Ask your mother if you don't believe me.
Sometimes it's the journey, son.
Awkward!
Stop shoving it over to my side.
Okay dad. Can we cut it with the 'Size doesn't matter' analogies?
I prefer the old operating system.
It's one small step for man, one giant leap for a lawn jockey.
this is Trump-onomics in action
Don't forget we split it fifty-fifty.
Clean off the roof.
Size doesn't matter; it's all about how you use it.
I didn't think it was possible for you to stoop any lower and make me do this.
You finally get to be the bigger man and help, but you are just standing there.
The secret is to keep your back straight.
I need to work on my negotiating skills.
At least you aren't stuck here with the big shovel.
Nothing is going to stop me from getting The New Yorker delivered!
That explains lack of feeling in my toes! We wearing the wrong underwear, too..
I have no idea why your mother says I'm always doing things the hard way.
Lame or not, Dylan, a curse is a curse.
Remember son, we are judged by results not the efficiency of our efforts.
I told you switching wouldn't make you any happier.
Suddenly Jack realized, size does matter.
Technically, I don't think we're violating any OSHA rules.
I'm not sure the redistribution of snow shovels was a good idea
enough already. I'm walking to Florida.
The iShovel.
Junior , are you sure that 'paper covers scissors' ?
I'm going to tell Mom that you made me use the big scoop.
You want it fast , or you want it good?
Let this be a lesson on how the business world works.
This is how you: win, win, win- shovel it better than anyone else. That's what get's you to the house.
Because the snow is heavier up here, that's why.
Frank discovers that size does not matter.
Well? I'm waiting.
It's not how big it is son,it's how you use it.
And you promise we can switch after ten minutes?
We do Common Core later!!!
It's a metaphor, son. Figure it out.
Son, remember this lesson if a woman ever tells you that size matters.
I know you're just trying to protect me, but, when your mother said she was tired of me shoveling it all the time, I don't think is was snow she meant.
Quit complaining! When I was your age, we didn't even have shovels.
Son, please don't question my mid-life crisis...
It is all in how you use it.
It's an app called 'Snowblower.' Standard data charges may apply.
I'll shovel the Trump fans' driveways. You can flip their yard signs.
It's the city drones, Charlie! Shovel faster before we get fined!
Well, if it isn't El Nino himself!
I hope you're wearing your big boy diaper.
The size doesn't define you.
Did he say a 100 foot path 36 " wide or a 36 foot path, one hundred inches wide?
It's all about the motion in the ocean, son.
Summer 2020
I like to sneak up on it.
How long did you look for my shovel? And why aren't you moving?
Now can we agree that size doesn't matter?
Nonetheless, the entire walk is clear of snow.
No, son. I use that shovel when I'm being paid by the job rather than by the hour.
Once you analyze the "shoveler body mass to shovel blade surface area" ratio....you will be leaping at this opportunity to clobber your old man !
Time to Switch. That's 4 hours.
You're the one who wanted to change shovels!
'Lets pretend I'm Trump and your Bush."
Sanders vs The big banks. An illustration.
Sharon bought Larry a nice garden trowel for Valentine's Day. He mistakenly thought he outdid her with a snow shovel.
I wonder how long you have been out here.
Don't worry! I'll dig you out!
Pretend I'm the CEO.Think of this as a reality check for the American dream.
C'mon, son. Put your back into it.
Brevity is the soul of humor. -Shakespeare
So here's the technique, Bobby, but you'll get a lot better leverage with that shovel.
You know, Son, our old Mailman used to have a shovel just like that...
Get used to it son. I'll always expect you to do more than me.
The Sun'll come out, Tomorrow, Tomorrow......
Yeah, that was a government shovel. Too big. Gets nothing done.
Because they're paying me by the hour, that's why.
Get on the path, son, use the path! Do you think I have all day?
No. Perspective just makes it look small.
I use my toothbrush for the lighter stuff.
It's a lesson on college tuition, son.
Yeah...well you tell Mommy that Daddy will use the regular shovel when he finally sees bacon back on his breakfast plate
Oh, You're gaining on me, You're gonna catch me!
I wanted a more hand-crafted, artisanal look.
You know what they say about a guy with a small shovel.
OK, you won the coin flip. When will you start shoveling?
I've told you before son, it's about quality, not quantity.
No thanks. My wife said don't come back until it's finished.
Because when I started, all I could find was 'Malibu Barbie's beach shovel'
I'm tired of these kids clearing out the stores before we can even get to them. And then they can't even use what they bought.
I think I can, I think I can.
Ha ha, yeah that's right "No place like Gnome!"
That's too big for snow cones
See, you've gotta choke up and put your knees into it.
I always new size didn't matter
Since last Sunday, and you?
What did you say about switching shovels?
I'm not the one who left the snow blower out all night.
I'll race you to the corner
Buy your shovel for 5 bucks, kid?
The doctor said it's best for my heart.
5 winters, and no one has yet lifted Excalibrrr.
When will you learn that size doesn't matter?!
That's funny. I'm big and have a small shovel, and you're small and have a big shovel. Go figure.
You do the grunt work. I'll do the edges.
...and that's how Social Security works.
I prefer incremental change.
Now you shovel the side walk.
Now son, if I believed in cutting corners...I'd be using the snow blower.
We should switch shovels, Shorty.
Have you seen the mint chocolate chip?
If I want your advice, I'll ask for it!
It's a myth: size does NOT matter!
Am I going to the right? No, I'm just turning to smile at the audience. You think I should I use a big shovel?
A smaller shovel really lessens the chances of a heart attack...
Using this sand shovel and imagining I'm at the beach DOES make it feel warmer.
'Of course size matters!'
Don't be silly, I can do this with one hand.
No, the point is avoiding mommy.
At least I won't be needing my scissors to cut the lawn today.
The Mystery: Why big man are usually "small".
Now I Know What They Mean By : Shoveling It Against The Tide !
I strive for quality, son. Not quantity.
It's okay, no need to help, it's just stuck in snow.
Yes, I know. If I use the bigger shovel I'll get to work faster.
Your allowance is shrinking by the minute, Tom.
Quick switch shovels, Moms coming!
Son you got a big shovel that's for sure but if you don't push I'll beat your tush!
I'll bet you were a supply sergeant in the Army.
Let me guess—you're voting for Bernie.
Jeez Edna, you never miss an opportunity to tell me mine's not big enough.
Remember the story of The Tortoise and the Hare?
I suppose you're going to complain about the wage gap too.
I charge by the hour not the job.
Work smaller, not harder.
What? I got it from McDonalds!
OK..you win, clap and switch.
I'll get a Nobel Prize for this.
Kids today. They want everything right away.
Tooth fairy don't pay for lost.
I learned it all from reading "Rich Dad, Poor Dad."
I do hope that you appreciate the value of my efforts at providing a direction for your future occupational endeavors...
I hope there's no snow in Hell.
The union won't let us use that one.
Sometimes you frighten me, son.
I'm gonna miss this stuff.
Yes, Bernie, that is a yuuge shovel.
Back straight, knees bent... You can do it Parker!
I agree, Art, but the doctor said humor her, and she's still watching.
It's all in the wrist, and I have the touch!
Yeah, with all the Global Warming talk I thought it was a smart buy.
There's an infinite unfairness in letting the willing dwarf bear the burden!
Can you hand me the strawberry syrup please?
Gee Dad, the weatherman didn't mean to shovel just one or two inches.
I told you, let me do the edges first.
When I mow, I prefer scissors.
I will shovel your social security check and you shovel mine, son.
You're learning a trade, kid.
''IT ALSO DICES , SLICES , AND JULIENNES ''.
If you're Yoda, give me The Force; if not, give me your shovel.
I'm defecting to Cuba. Don't tell your mother.
revenge porn
It's not the size of the shovel, it's the magic in it.
Son, I'm paying myself by the hour, not the job.
God is in the details.
You should have said you didn't take iPay before you started.
I told you short and steady wins the race.
Another life lesson, son. It's not the sword, it's the swordsman.
You'll grow into it.
Don't take your barrier to advancement out on me.
YOU said tuition would be cheaper if we moved here so keep moving it.
Norm realized smaller does mean better!
I feel like we want different things.
No Buddy! We don't need another Big Dig.
I propose a fair trade
Smaller shovel, smaller chest pain.
For only $5 you can rent my big shovel tomorrow morning.
'Sure, this takes longer ... but it beats having a heart attack!"
Thanks for all your help son
Daddy just has a different perspective.
I am demonstrating that, if you work hard, someday you will be a 1%'er too.
First thing you've got to learn, son, is to use the right tools.
It's your mom's idea. It's called The Zen Diet.
Dad, I will give you a quarter to get off your cell phone and finish the walk.
Well son, as we say say in I.T., it's the operating system, not the hardware, that makes the difference.
Shopped online?
xx
Perspective, my boy!
I will build a wall out of snow...a Yoooj!! wall and you will pay for it.
I smell a sitcom!
It's not about the size but how you use it.
I knew you were waiting for me.
It's not the size of your shovel but what you do with it.
I wish you had found that yesterday.
If you know so much about shoveling snow, why aren't you doing it?
It's all in the motion and leverage.
Because, Jimmy, we don't care about keeping up with the Joneses.
Explain to me your upgrade program again?
SCAB!
Does your wife know you're into swapping?
While you stand there, these walks aren't going to shovel themselves.
Boy, That Sriracha Ice Melt works wonders
See billy! You're mother was wrong, size doesn't matter.
I'm wishing it's sand.
Want to borrow mine
Should have castled earlier !
Don't give me that Mies was wrong face.
Hey Kid...Remember What President Sanders Said About Hard Work: Don't!
Go big or go home.
When you're my age you'll appreciate the difference between hourly and fixed fee contracts.
Son, I really wish you'd suggested that 7 hours ago.
Could we switch hats?
Great, you found it. Poke around with your foot a little. I haven't seen Bob since he borrowed it.
How much more demonstration do you need?
Hurry up and get shoveling. When we're done I'll make us some hot cocoa.
That hole was meant for the next door neighbour's kids
Don't make any major life decisions just now.
I get paid for each shovelful.
Still life with still frozen
Switching our shovels just before Mom looks out the window never gets old.
It's a smart shovel. It knows flake by flake what to do.
He says if I don't get there right now he's gonna sell the last Pepperoni and Cheese!
It's not the size but how you use it, son!
Want to trade again?
Nice job with the walkway son, we will switch shovels again before your mother gets home.
The little guys always have the biggest toys.
A young Bill Gates holding firm on his shovel price in front of the orphanage.
I refuse to let my campaign for shoveling this driveway be influenced by "Big Shovel"!
No, thanks. I promised we'd visit your grandmother when I finished the walkway.
No, I do not think that this is what Marx meant by "From each according to his ability...."
Size doesn't matter. It's the enthusiasm that counts.
Let's trade shovels!
It's about quantity, not quality
Darn, I left my Fitbit in the house.
I guess they didn't tell you I'm a trim specialist.
I'm teaching you about the national debt.
My brain says yes, my back says no.
No thanks. This is the least I can do . . . and I always enjoy doing the least I can do!
Which way's up?
Attention to detail is snow laughing matter
Shovel it.
Good job, Dad. It's not the size of the shovel, but how you use it.
This snow removal app is amazing!
That's not a shovel, this is a shovel.
Thanks, Jimmy. I'll take it from here.
"After lunch, I've got dibs on the big shovel".
Listen, when I was your age, I had to clear the walk with a toothpick!
There are better ways to impress mommy
Didn't realize Dad had shrunk that much since last winter.
Thanks son, this shovel app is not quite cutting it.
You're not getting much leverage. Grab it closer to the handle.
It may be small, but I know how to use it.
Have you found your brother yet?
I have a shovel and I'm here to help
Don't just stand there. Help me.
If size mattered, I'd still be shoveling alone.
"Now you understand that size doesn't matter. It's what you do with the tool you have," he explained to his son with the full knowledge that if genetics were to be trusted, it was a lesson he would use again later in life.
Still don't want to trade?
When you're a little older you'll understand daddy's crazy.
Keep digging, our right to privacy is under there somewhere!
It's not the size of the shovel, but the speed in your heave.
News flash: "We are being paid by the hour, not the shovelful."
Just don't bathe for a week
A mother-law will make you want to do strange things, Timmy.
Perhaps we should trade?
Who said rightsize?
This looks good Junior. Now it's time we tackle that roof.
Hey, this division of labor appears to be very asymmetrical.
Trowel and Error son.
You should pay attention to the details...
Sorry, kid, union rules. I get paid by the hour.
That's taking the easy way out!
Really? Where was it?
Hey trust me. With climate change less is more....just wait.
I thought size mattered too, once.
Hey Stanley, I'm thinking that maybe we should trade shovels?
Hey, it's not the size it's how you use it.
OK, your turn again.
They were still having fun after hours of shuffling!
Tell your mother I am on my way to work.
Mom wants her spatula back!
I wish it would stop snowing on opposite day
As a matter of fact, "YES", I am trying to make a point.
Just five minutes and then I get the big boy shovel again.
It's all a matter of perspective...
'Six hours, almost done, my back's killing me and NOW you're Mr. Wise Guy ?'
In the footsteps of Rembrandt
Lean in.
The moment irrational optimism met rigid pragmatism.
Chill out, it's just snow buddy. No pun intended.
Sizable effort trumps sizable tools.
No one likes a show-off, son.
Go home Joe. She loves me and my micro-shovel.
You were the one who couldn't wait for a snow day.
See, son: it's not the size of your trowel that matters.
Your wife also likes it bigger.
See honey, I told you size doesn't matter.
Your mother is completely off base, son. Size doesn't matter.
Why didn’t I think of buying a bigger shovel?
Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There’s nothing like having a midget for a butler.
Whew. Rob, are you sure by door-to-door the campaign manager meant from the front door to the door of the polling booth?
And John weeped with happiness for he knew his son's shovel would be bigger than his own
Why is his spade is bigger than mine?
Now you show up!
And THAT is what is meant by inversely proportional.
I wonder how big the mailman's shovel is.
Remember, kid: it's a marathon, not a sprint.
Would you believe I have a bigger Johnson.
Yes it's lighter but I'm doing more reps
But I heard you tell Mom, size doesn't matter!
Rome wasn't built in a day, you know.
Do you want it done fast or do you want it done right?
It's not about size, but keeping a healthy emotional connection with your shovel.
This is a teaching moment Fred: Size does not matter.
Size matters... so do the heating coils under the sidewalk.
It's called Crossfit.
Get the drift?
I'm more of a details guy
Oscar is coming.
Being the little spoon isn't as fun as I thought
Your mom makes way too much mashed potato.
Your mother needs coffee by noon.
Big feet. Small shovel.
This is not a trick, son, I'm just in my second childhood.
The minimalist lifestyle allows no exceptions.
Hey kid. Get busy!
You can have it back when we're done, and no more singing "Hi Ho, Hi Ho"!
My dear, it's not the size of the tool, it's its correct application.
I am the inveterate explorer clearing a path to save my people!
Oh, so now you're finally saying size does matter?
Stay on the beaten path, my boy.
You young folks--always wanting to cut corners.
Someday you'll get to use the big shovel.
Slowpoke.
Well, you see, this is trickle down shoveling.
It's good practice for when you never amount to anything.
Redrum..Redrum...Redrum .
It was in your room?
What do you mean I've "lost it"! I saw it in the basement!
It gets smaller as you get older.
When we do the driveway Grandma gets the big boy shovel , OK ?
You see son? Every goal can be broken down into a multitude of smaller goals.
Sorry, Dairy Queen only trained me how to do it this way.
How 'bout *you* start paying *me* allowance?
Wait a few years kid, and you'll understand.
Please, Trade now?
It's Silicone. You should get one. Kitchen Gadgets Online.
It's time to swap places again.
Okay, son, it's your turn.
Maybe Bernie can figure it out.
Dad, I think you're 'feeling the Bern' in a way that's not very helpful.
Now I know what it feels like to shovel in your footsteps.
Wanna trade hats?
I don't care if you do speak softly -- get on the walkway.
Trust me son, you have the easier job. Don't look at me like that.
See Prudence, like I've told you for years, but you wouldn't believe me...size doesn't matter."
I told you it is not the size, but how you use it
Which song would you like to sing next? "99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall", or "If You're Happy & You Know It, Clap Your Hands"?
Shovel size means nothing.
I disagree with you - size DOES matter!
El Nino made me do it
I'm not being difficult Dad, that's just your forced perspective.
You're a shrewd trader, young Thumb!
It was your mother's idea.
I really don't want to go to work.
Snow again?! Interrupting the gerrymandering process.
Getting paid by the hour eh?
Okay big shot. Now see if you can find our mailbox!
I'm embracing minimalism.
Your shovel will get smaller as you get bigger. Mine did.
It's been 10 minutes, time to switch?
Every inch of the walkway that I shovel is just another minute I spend chaperoning your first date... Almost at two hours kiddo!
Now can Daddy have his wallet back?
I still swear the private sector is more efficient.
This is the biggest one my doctor would prescribe.
Daddy when can I upgrade to the IShovel 6 PLUS?
Damn those liberals! Where's the global warming when we need it?
I think i've earned a Klondike bar.
Bite me!
Thanks, kid. I'll finish up now.
So much for partly cloudy and seasonably cool
No thanks - I'm a Libra!
Keep Working and you'll get the hang of it Louie.
Body image issues?
Size is important but you have to know how to use it too.
I know, I know you're winning in both "Poles"!
And that, son, is the history of Social Security.
Dad, why don't we just move to Siberia? 'Cause your mother enjoys her yearly program.
You want how much for that shovel?
When I was a boy, we used a shingle on a stick, and lots of elbow grease.
Like I say, size doesn't matter.
Next winter, I will go with small spoon weight loss instead of this small shovel weight loss technique.
technology wins again.
Son, I told you to get the shovel your size...
Son, I know what your teacher said but taking turns isn't always a good thing.
Mine has GPS and voice guidance assistance.
Don't worry -- it'll get easier when you grow up.
Now you can understand the dangers of big government! Your mother is the one who insisted on buying you that subsidized shovel!
'Too small and too quick'...? Change the record, Tammy."
You missed a flake.
Great ! Now you find the snow shovel.
This is not idea of a 50/50 split.........
Another task failure by management.
Sorry, I was using it to clear my Legos.
Hey pal, you need to get a new perspective
I told you slow and study always wins
And so you see, son, you can be stupid and have bad tools and still win the race.
It's your Mom's idea.
What's your excuse now?
I'm downsizing, son.
Don't forget that tonight I get the big bed with Mommy.
I thought you garden gnomes worked just in the summer.
Need I remind you? This is the least of our mismatches!
I was saving that for special occasions.
You're gonna hurt your back, bend at the knees.
Billionaires...
No, mine is under here somewhere.
I'll let you know when I need it.
It's like coloring. I'll make the lines and you fill them in.
Your generation has everything so easy these days.
Last time I play high-stakes Candy Land with you.
Why don't you try with a smaller shovel instead?
I’m making a carpel tunnel.
Well, son, It's because I have something called a union card and you don't.
It's not the size of the shovel, it's the motion of the frozen ocean
Son, are you sure you want to use the big shovel???
If memory serves, you eat peas one at a time.
The evidence of adultery was clear from the beginning.
At that moment Harokd had both a deep feeling of pride and foreboding
Dad, are you sure this is what your cardiologist told you?
Lift with your legs, like I'm doing.
What do you mean, it was up on the shelf?
"Bring your child to work day" for shovelers? Never again!
It's from Costco, duh.
You're a troll...
Any other merit badges to work on after Community Service?
......illustrating our new line of AGE-CALIBRATED, CARDIO-RESTRAINED snow shovels....
It's the new ishovel 7!
Take my advice. It's not about size; it's about how you use it.
My cardiologist recommended a trowel, not a shovel!
Keep looking. I know grandma's out here somewhere.
Lazy millennial!
No thanks, I'm working on my triceps.
I don't suppose you've read Oedipus Rex?
No!! You'll poke yourself in the eye !
And no, you will not be getting a participation trophy.
You knew going into this business venture that I was the brains and YOU were the muscle!
I try not to paint things with the same broad brush.
The whole secret, my son, is finesse
If you're not willing to go near the sidewalk, at least trade shovels with me!
No, thanks. I'm undercompensating.
Just making a Frosty the Snow Cocktail.
I don't want to go to work today!
Ah...The Jeb Bush of snow shovellers.
You know nothing about shoveling, Jon Snow.
Don't stop clearing the walkway, you lazy kid, your shovel is bigger than mine
You know what they say, "It's not the size of a man's shovel. but the size of the 'shovel' in a man"...or something like that.
Seymour has an epiphany - he's not left handed.
Some 'Rights of Passage' are open to interpretation, but this isn't one of them.
I think I might have dropped that 20 dollar bill over here, try shoveling over here. I'm sure together we will find it. Don't give up yet....
Hi, I'd like to add you to my professional network on LinnkedIn.
Winter at the Escher household
Never judge a man by the size of his shovel.
If you didn't want the push shovel, you should have said so.
I'll help you this time, but when I was your age, I didn't stop to rest until I finished the job!
Mine has a smaller carbon footprint.
I used to work at Ben & Jerry's
Go see if Mom has warmed your cocoa, and remind her I'd like my reward shaken...
It's not the size but what you do with it that counts.
No Dad, not until you tell me where babies really come from.
It's never too early to learn how to shovel it.
Every little bit helps
That's because daddy belongs to the one percent
I've been at this for two days and NOW you find the shovel!
Shut-up! I did the walkway to the house with this.
Don't bring a spoon to a shovel fight.
And we use this little guy for smaller, non-fatal heart attacks, son.
Still working on that first shovel full?
You just finished 'Tom Sawyer' ? How did you like it ?
I guess the catbox was not the first place I should have gone looking for the shovel.
I lost a bet, what's your excuse?
The forecast calls for another foot of snow and suspension of child labor laws.
Heart attack snow won't kill me.
I bet you're "feeling the Bern" now dad.
So... you working for scale too?
Remember, it's easier if you lift with your legs.
I'm making the heart attack wait.
Oh, s'now you get off the iPad.
You realize there's an app for that. Right?
Nah. I'm trying to make this last until after the election.
psst...hey buddy...i could do somethin' for ya...
It's not the shovel, it's the shoveler!
Son, it's not a tiny shovel. It's seven hours of solitude.
It's not the size that matters, it's what you do with it.
The poor and the under educated have to do the heavy lifting, that's how America works son.
I bet you drive a sports car too!
...and I bet it's your bra I'm wearing, too.
Millennials...
Papa, I bet if you used Nadkins you could handle the big shovel.
I told you, we can build a snowman just as soon as I'm done shovelling the walk.
See what whistling while you work will do for you?
Hey, I let you pick first.
Global warming! Harumph!
Next time I get to choose odd or even!
Jared was beginning to regret buying all his garden tools at Novelty Goods, Inc.
Don't forget the roof!
The path of least resistance? Never heard of it.
Make yourself useful and bring me the salt shaker for the sidewalk.
You can't use that. We're Amish.
This is my gop BS shovel.
Granny. It's not the size of what you have, but what you do with what you have.
It's not the size, it's what you do with it!
It's a Zen thing.
My character is sufficiently built .
Mathematically, we should finish at exactly the same time.
Some day, you'll look back and resent me
Sensing delusion, Ralph ignores the ghome and continues his sisyphean task.
See, when I was a kid, all we had were tiny toy shovels!
You have a lot to learn son. Bah! Shoveling the lawn!
My shovel's not really that small; it's just drawn that way.
This is what we get for shopping on Craigslist.
"This is part of my new exercise regimen".
I don't think bigger is always better, son.
Well the weatherman said two inches, that's enough outta you
Son, I'm sorry, but we're going to have to let you go.
Because our people come from Lilliput, son.
Welcome to the 99%. . .
Son, bigger isn't better. Faster is better.
Ok, you win, the whole "in my day" thing was a mistake.
I wonder if he will be an adequate son-in-law.
It's all about how you use it.
It's not the size of the shovel with the man, it's the size of the man with the shovel!
It only looks small from where you're standing.
Betty, I think it's time we stop buying our snow shovels from the clearance section.
Get a smaller shovel. We're creating jobs.
Did I complain when you got first pick on lawnmowers?
At this rate, I should get some help from the thaw come April.
Hide that thing, kid! I'm paid by the hour.
Daddy, suffering independence or socialist leanings?
" What ever you do don't let mom know you found it".
Mom said either way you're going to grandma's.
I'll bet Smith's shovel is juuuuuuuust right.
Yes, but I need the exercise.
Dad, we need to switch back. This one is too big for the litter box.
I think we should trade shovels.
No, you little dweeb, size does NOT matter.
You asked for the handicap.
Someday the once and future Winter King will come to pull the shovel out of the snow.
I keep hearing your Mom, she needs you inside.
Don't choke up quite so much on the handle!
Dad, use this. Trump comes on in five ten minutes.
Hey Mister, I'm outsourcing snow removal. I can get you started in the gig economy.
Shhh. I told your mother I'd watch The View with her as soon as I cleared the entire sidewalk.
Well ? What's holding you up ?
Sometimes a shovel is just a shovel.
When I was your age I was twelve feet tall.
Crikey, Littl' Pawn, look! Our sidewalk resembles a chess Knight's move!
Son, if anybody tease you with "size matter" crap, you remember this day.
You look for the dog, I'll look for the hamster.
It was the whiteness of the whale that above all things appalled me.
Are you trying to make me redundant?
I have no idea what you mean by 'economy of scale'.....
No, I don't think this is funny!
You should see the driveway
It's the shovel that makes the man...
No thanks! I must go to work when I've finished shoveling out,
Don't even try to nominate a shovel.
Mom sent me out to tell you she lied; size DOES matter...
I can guarantee there are no heart attacks in your future!
S.O.S., you bet! Same old--same old snow!
Well don't just stand there, give me a hand.
No, I won't tweet Cory Booker to come over and shovel our sidewalk
Where were you 6 hours ago?
Hoe hoe hoe! There was a bit of a mix up and from the sound of your wife's voice, I knew this couldn't wait.
Yeah, well your mom says you're the right tool for the job.
Remember son, it's not the size of the shovel, it's the motion
Don't you want to grow up to be big and strong?
Hey, do you think your boots feel a little small?
"Admit that the free market disproportionately favors those who inherit means and I'll give you the snow shovel, Gary." “Go to Hell, Linda.” The 2016 election cycle had created an increasingly hostile environment in the Johnson household.
hurry up Bobby! Find the Dog! BARK! BarK!
Your mother doesn't want me hurt. Only humiliated.
"A snow-shovel app?!", they said. "That's absurd!!", they said.
You know what? Let's move.
There isn't an app for that!
Son, remember, quality not quantity.
Well, that's my perspective.
Take that back to your mother -- it's more fun using this one.
With ultimate power comes ultimate responsibility.
Salt the sidewalks, Herb. The SIDEWALKS
Son. it"s an important life lesson I got off the Ayn Rand website.
When I was your age, I had to shovel the whole city without a coat.
Don't shovel snow on me, this isn't really a snowball.
We're trading my allowance for your pay check too, right?
Look hun, one hand!
No, my back doesn't hurt. Now..ready, set, go!
Too heavy.
That's a buck a shovel full, Sonny--minimum ten.
One small scoop by me, one giant walkway cleared.
Thanks anyway kid but this is heart attack snow.
Son, what part of "artisanal" don't you understand?
It's how you use it, that matters most.
I told you not to stop!
Keep at it, Mom. I'm sure my little pail is down there somewhere.
Your mom doesn't want me to vote for Bernie.
Always remember Son. It's not the size of your tool, it's how you use it
How about a trade Mister?
Just follow my example and we'll be done in no time.
Nice try. Go back inside and tell your mother that she said to shovel the walk, so I'm shoveling the walk.
I gave up efficiency for lent.
Holler when you find Jimmy Hoffa
PUT THAT AWAY SON,WE'RE BUREAUCRATS!
Oh! So now, all of a sudden size does matter.
Sorry, this is more exercise.
I said I'm big enough to help with the Snowman, not I'm big enough to help with the snow man!
Ya know, you can be a real pain in the ass sometimes.
Believe me, I am working twice as hard as you.
Oh no!! the snow is going to break through my house and will avalanche on me come on Rober the Claus
There's more to inequality than just income
It's how you use it.
Well dad, I'm doing as best as I can.
Well son, size matters
Well, you got to use it at the beach last summer.
It's not about quantity...it's about quality.
Put that away, Son. We're getting paid by the hour.
I'm hourly.
Choke up a bit more, honey.
It's not the size of the shovel, son, but the speed of the deed.
And that's how men did it when they were your age.
Make the sidewalk great again
Before my operation that was my shovel.
When people take opposite day really seriously.
You'll regret buying that once global warming kicks in.
This doesn't make any sense!
This is as good a time as any, and better than most, to have my second childhood.
This new app is great !
Hey big guy, at least you are working harder than a Republican.
I know I lost the bet about the weatherman, but please give me a pass on the driveway.
Son, I've been doing it this way since I was five.
Chew with your mouth closed, please
Drop dead, you useless midget!
The cold made it shrink.
No one ever got a heart attack from snow spooning.
It's just shrinkage.
Big shoes.....small shovel.
I can't seem to dig my way to China.
Tell your mother, once again, that size doesn't matter.
I think the guy at the hardware store's interpretation of the democratic primary is a little crude.
We you get back home tell Santa I do NOT appreciate his sense of humor!
Your mother used all the driveway salt in the pasta.
Come on, kid, it's not the size of the dog in the fight...
The messier, the better; then your mother won't trust us to do this anymore.
C'mon son! success is 1% inspiration 99% perspiration
When I was your age, we didn't have those big fancy shovels - we shoveled or snow with a spatula, and were grateful for it!
Get used to it, kid. This is how Social Security works.
There are no small shovels, only small shovelers.
Overcompensating, sonny?
It's quality, not quantity...
The boy and the father are cleaning the garden because its snowed and the father take the kid's showel and the kid takes the father's showel. so the kid is doing the all work...
You wanna switch soon?
It's what you do with it that counts.
I was wrong. It doesn't build character.
It's not your ambition to shovel; it's shoveling your ambition.
Now wasn't that a lot more fun than building a snowman.
You must be salary, I'm paid for the hours.
Top one-tenth of the top one per cent?
I'm willing to read today's newspaper online just this once.
All I did was put a few big ones on the Cardinals
I'm gonna cut you, little man.
Damn Walter, back at it again with the snow shoveling.
I've been told it's more about how you use it.
I tell you kid, it's not the size of the tool that matters, it's what you do with it.
Switching shovels would be more productive, but your Mother wanted it this way and she's the boss.
Wait! Heads I win tails you loose?
I told her it wasn't the size of the shovel that mattered!
You could have helped.
I told you before size doesn't always matter.
When you could'nt afford an expensive snow shovel, but Santa gave it to you for Christmas...
It's not as mismatched as it looks. Are you familiar with 'parallax error'?
This was the first and last time he will ask how much I will pay him to help me.
It ain't all about the size of the boat. It's the motion of the ocean.
I don't want to look like I'm overcompensating.
You still need to finish your daily quota.
It must be opposites day.
Take this job and shovel it.
You said you wanted big-boy toys when you took my iPad. Well, here you go.
You know what they say about guys with big shovels.
Hurry up, you've got work tomorrow.
See? The cold DOES cause shrinkage.
Son, it's not the size of the shovel that matters, but how you use it.
Looks like we have a future President of the United States in the family.
Yes, son, I know 'Child is father to the man.' But if you don't give me back my shovel, I'm telling mommy!
At least you do not have to mow the lawn for a while.
It's not the size of the tool, son, it's whether your gonna use the darn thing.
We'll get more done when Mom gets here
Scalable, schmalable. I'm paid by the hour.
God loves a lonely hero, son...
Mommy says you need a bigger tool.
Watch how I do it Son. This is just one of many techniques I have for staying married to your mother.
Yeah, and twenty bucks could buy two cases of beer, too.
Hey Kido when ae you going to learn to use the right tool?
It's not the size of the shovel, it how you move your hips.
Expensive doesn't always mean more efficient.
I feel like we would make better progress if we switched shovels, don't you think?
If you think that's too large,
Now you understand how our tax system works.
The salesman was wrong, global warming has not yet arrived
Gosh! We finally got into the caption contest but the illustration is so ambiguous that nobody can figure out what to write. That's not funny.
The smaller, the shrewder
It's how you use the stick not the size of it.
Dad you have to shovel a lot faster. If you want to finish before dinner.
Maybe it's still not too late for law school.
You win this round, ballbag.
Thank you. I feel validated.
Depending on your point of view, each of us could be considered liberal or conservative.
I want tone, not bulk.
Linda's biggest mistake in life was reassuring her husband that size doesn't matter.
Where did you say your segway was?
It's cotton candy, Bro!
Maybe there's a better way to do this, Phil.
I think it's high time Elsa stopped letting go.
Make America great again my ass!!
Oh, no -- that was last year; it's the neighbor's turn.
Fairness was never part of shoveling the walk.
You can do it-- put a little muscle to it!
Stop with your lying Billy, my shovel is much huger than yours.
Little help?
I'm totally taking the fifth.
It's not the size of your snow shovel, it's what you do with it.
Call my Boss and tell him I'll be there as soon as I shovel my way out.
No job is too big, Donald.
The little shovel that could.
"But I'm a Finishing Shoveler".
I just figured since you wanted the bigger closet.
Yeah, but I read somewhere, in Florida they have a python infestation.
Joe's cold reminder he is not in the 1%.
I think there's a mix-up here...
Switched at birth...
It was at this moment that Mr. Royce Bonner Sr. realized that taking away Jr.’s X-Box was not the best of ideas.
When you're a spatula, everything looks like a pancake.
The shovel shaming continued for another winter, and Wally wondered if he'd ever emerge from his father's shadow.
I wish your brother were here to use the medium shovel.
It's called detailing, son, and it's what differentiates us from those savages next door.
Bend your knees and lift with your legs, not your back.
Follow me it's easier.
I keep telling you: Size doesn't matter.
You'll learn how to milk a project when you're married, someday.
Johnny's first lesson in how size matters.
You'll understand one day when YOUR mother-in-law is visiting.
Earn this, son...
If she is paying you buy the hour, you need a new shovel
You shovel the snow. I’m curating it.
See how easy it is?
No bombs Grandma, snowballs.
Big is as big does
Son, no matter what they say to you; size doesn't matter.
Apple's shoveling more than snow with the iShovel!
Bernie warned me of this type of inequality
There's gonna be some shrinkage if it snows any more than this.
Learn from my mistakes, son, and never, ever forget your wedding anniversary.
It's all in the technique.
Put your wrist into it, like this.
When you're a big person like your daddy, you can hire a consultant to figure out problems like this.
It's heavy because it's filled with hopes and dreams
Exhausted, Phil suddenly sees potential for a lucrative product liability case.
You can use the Back Saver 2000 when you're the parent.
High tech is no use if you don't know how to use it.
See? I bend at the knees, not the waist, and my back doesn't hurt at all.
What? Lady, my name's Melvin, not Sisyphus.
If I suffer from low self esteem, you're at the other end of the spectrum.
My, aren't we passive-aggressive today.
May I please please please go over to the Johanssens' house now? They just got a snowblower.
i have a feeling were in michigan
Son, it's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Now you offer to help?
I really hate my job.
Bigger is better, huh?
But my one per cent is very important.
Son, you won't create many jobs doing it like that.
It builds character!
Big guys little spoons, little guys big spoons!
Speed always beats size.
Hey neighbor - say hello to my 3D printer...
Wide World of Extreme Winter Sports contestants
Hey you better watch out, I think my old eyes see an avalanche headin' our way.
Next we have to do the driveway.
The Democrates have already dug us a path to Hell!
Quit your bellyaching and start shoveling, the way I am.
Do you see how I'm lifting with my legs?
The Power of Small
It takes 10,000 hours to master as skill, son.
If you bend your knees a little more, for leverage . . .
I suppose you're going to tell your mother about this?
Welcome to Dad's world.
Ok you get the big shovel but I get the big tub when we're done here.
How were you able to purchase a land mine?
We all die in the end anyway, so what difference does it make?
It's not how big your shovel is, it's how you use it.
It's an artisanal snow scoop.
I see we have a future politician in the family.
I prefer small-batch shoveling.
A bad workman always blames his tools.
Standing around again? We'll never get done at this rate!
Very big elsewhere if you must know.
You should have seen the shovel your grandfather used
What a Napolean Complex!
Just think son, when you're my age this will all be water.
One scoop or two and with or without chocolate sauce?
Pay attention, son. This is a lesson in thrift.
'This is a sample of asymmetrical warfare.'
See, it's not about size, but speed.
Slow and steady wins the race
And now, son, you understand the concept of 'billable hours'
Let's just stick with the plan.
Um, I don't think this is working.
No two Flakes are alike!
I'd rather be grilling.
…but I don't want hair on my chest!
Not only that, but it also comes with 100 anytime minutes and 50 gigs of memory.
I'm gonna need a bigger shovel.
It was your bright idea to level the playing field.
The bigger the shovel, the smaller the man.
I told you winter was coming.
It's quality not quantity, kiddo.
Son, may I please borrow your SUV today? My Smartcar is horrible in the snow.
Well... you can tell your "real" dad that your mom is very pleased with my little shovel.
Because your father is a trained archeologist.
Finesse! Always finesse.
Leaning in is key.
One fall of snow and we lose all sense of perspective
so, how do you pronounce it again? Florida?
The web site said: 'true-to-size.'
y ? x
It's not the size of the shovel that matters, is's how you use it.
Gimme the big boy shovel back-the neighbors are laughing at me
Because I'm a job creator, that's why.
Don't get too optimistic about your lemonade sales.
Thanks, but at that price, I'll wait for spring.
Thank you, no. I'm been doing fine with my silicone spatula and timely shots of non-stick cooking spray.
You can't rush perfection.
If size mattered you wouldn't be here.
It's all I can afford, living on Bank Interest!
Because I promised your mother we would talk after I finished the driveway.
So where was it?
Looks like your patent application did not go through either.
Hurry up! Speed is more important than quantity.
It's okay. He's a lawyer.
No matter what your mother says, size does matter.
Thanks son but this allows for a more chiseled look
It's the newest shovel, global warming edition.
OK.. I can take it from here.
Thanks, but this is my way of avoiding election coverage.
Now do you believe me that size doesn't matter?
Pathfinder. Please.
Bigger is not always better son.
Raise your allowance? What for?
Ok, you've proved your point that it's not size that counts but what you do with it. Can we go back inside now?
Yes Bobby, that's the one that gave your mother her bad back
I prefer aerobic exercise to weightlifting.
Can you believe your mother calls me a perfectionist?
Supply and demand be damned! I'm not paying $100 for smsnow shovel."
The weather forecast did call for a chance of erasers today.
It's not the size of your shovel, it's how you use it.
No, thanks. It just needs a trim.
How's that book report on Tom Sawyer going?
It's all about balance and leverage.
Sometimes being paid by the hour is a good thing.
It's not how small the tool son, it's that you git her done!
I get it! I get it!
It isn't all about size!
Mom wants her spoon back.
Her most recent order was to shovel the snow. I'll do anything to escape the tyranny!
You're not in Wonderland, Alice!
Misguided shovel ready workers fall for snow job!
How did you get there without footprints?
And remember that when you talk to girls
Dad, that's the shovel I play with at the beach for digging in the sand.
You should join the union.
What are you looking at? I only have a townhome.
let's switch shovels.
This cross-training thing isn't working.
Precision and follow through get you better distance than brute strength!
Stop compensating, dad.
Again Son ... it's all about perspective.
"Your mother said we should be spending more time together".
Now you go out and sign up three more kids to shovel; that's how you retire early.
I think your right. In this case size does matter.
Well, maybe I just like a challenge.
Shovelry is dead.
Can we trade back now?
Yes that would be easier, son. Faster, easier, more seductive. Therein lies the path to the Dark Side.
Don't just be a Yard Gnome, get to work!
It's not all about size.
I also found this in the sandbox.
You need to put your back into it, like me.
School starts next month.
It's not about size, son, it's about technique.
See, I told you size doesn't matter
No, I am not micromanaging.
"Okay son, now that we covered proportions, let's move on to analogies".
I'm a big person. It only looks smaller.
Think lose-lose.
That one's fine for a rough-out, but if you really want it perfect you need one of these.
Too large, too late.
See, it's about the motion of the ocean, son.
I'm already rushing to spend time with your mother!!
I said I liked the 'concept' of role reversal.
So old-school
Busted Crystal Balls
No thanks, I'm good. Trying to avoid my visiting mother-in-law!
I've just... had too much time on my hands, okay?
When you are my age, think what you'll be able to tell your kids you did when you were their age.
Next time we make a bet, it will have nothing to do with foreign affairs.
Grandpa wants to know if you would like a cup of hot Coco?
Not what I expected when you said I could trade for new hand tools.
We'll never survive this winter if we fail to keep things in perspective.
Reverse psychology
Is this yours?
Never mind. I'm in no hurry.
F-f-f-focused micromanaging.
It's speak softly and carry a big STICK
We're the 'Lenny' and 'George' of 'Snow And Miniscule Tools' eh? Enjoy, my friend.
Your mother told you size matters, didn't she.
Young people have lots of drive but no ability. Adults have lots of ability but little drive. We work together and we might just finish before your mom comes home.
it's all in the legs!
Would you please tell your bearded midget to switch shovels with me, in his native language?
Hey kid face it, you lost the coin toss.
It's the only way to get me to the polls to vote, Jimmy!
It's like you WANT me to go back to work.
No, thanks. I'm working on a 12 step program.
Careful son, that's not a toy.
I was moving white off the curb like shoveling snow.
you know what they say about a man with a big shovel
You know what the say about a small shovel, longer hours.
SMALL WORK PAYS OFF OVER TIME TO MAKE A BIGGER IMPACT THEN YOU INITIATED BEFORE THEN.
Lonnie always seemed to pick the wrong Monopoly piece.
Hurry up! This one-percenter is doing his part.
All shovel. No action.
Remember son, it's not the size of your shovel that counts.
If I upgrade to the larger one I may get stuck holding it for 4 hours
"This reminds me of how I save money for you for college".
The spatula is man's best friend.
Quality, not quantity.
If this turns to rain, I'll take your umbrella.
Faster.
Bend at the knees, son.
Yes, job-creation is a bitch
Outsourcing works this way at my company too, son.
You'll learn. My father died of a heart attack.
Now, doesn't this prove that little things go a long way?
Thanks, but I'll be done in a couple more days.
minimalism is the new achievement monitor
You seen the medium guy?
Less disappointment when the plow comes by.
your app! better than mine!
I know you're trying to be a man, but son I think it's better if we just switch shovels.
This wasn't what I had in mind when I said "a little help!"
Do ya wanna trade?
Mom's new boyfriend lives in Florida.
The inverse-square law is real.
Overcompensating for something small again, are we Mr. Smith?
Size does not matter if you have LOWBANDWITH.
We'll definitely have this done before Donald Trump releases his tax returns.
the smaller the tool the more you put into it
Is that shovel big enough for you?
I know Kung Fu Panda 3 starts in ten minutes; I'm shoveling as fast as I can.
In my day, we cleared the snow from miles of sidewalk with just a spatula.
A shovel? Why didn't I think of that?
Ed's chakra takes over.
This would be easier if you used the spoon & I used the shovel.
You're as funny as a heart attack.
Mom says 'Happy belated anniversary!"
Your not much help!
Underestimating the removal.
Need some hot chocolate?
You did a fine job but I'm a details guy.
It's not about the size of your shovel son, more in how you use it.
Well of course I'll tell you where you can shove the snow.
It was advertised as 'doing the job in half the time.'
And then she has the nerve to accuse me of always taking the good pillow.
This is one of those perspective puzzles, right?
You must be from the Dept of Public Works.
Four Seasons' strikes
shut up, I know I should of called heads
It's called working by the hour, son.
Come on, Willie, I used to walk to school barefooted in this stuff.
Still think bigger is better?
Honey, the other shovel makes my hand look smaller.
Kids these days are so spoiled.
Don't try to 'snow me," kid. That's no magic shovel.
Just wait! I'll let you know when it's your turn.
What do you mean, mother said the size DOES matter???
Son when I was a boy my father didn't help me with snow removal.
Brownie, you're doing a heckuva job.
Where there's a will, there's a path.
Feel free...
I can't wait for this 'Freaky Friday' thing to get undone.
Thanks, but I'm almost finished.
No, Tommy. Today we're working on your fine motor skills.
What do you think you're gonna do with that?
Son, this is how Social Security works.
Sometimes a snow shovel is just a snow shovel.
This isn't what I meant when I switched the Christmas present tags.
That's how we do it here in Gnome,Alaska
Again Amazon got the dimensions wrong. First the grills and now this. More one star reviews from our zip code that's for sure.
Mom said the walk needs to be shoveled but my doctor told me not to push heavy snow around.
Sure, now you show up...
Where the hell were you nine hours ago?
Walk tall and carry a small shovel
You know, it is now my turn to play with the big shovel?
I'm almost done!
You know what they say, Big Shovel.........
Babe, nobody thought Paul Bunyan's ax could beat the chain saw either.
It depends on your perspective.
We get paid by the hour you know.
Grandson. on the off-chance I have a grabber. Remember...Connery is the One True Bond.
It's a legacy tool.
Son, you should ever send a man to do a boys job.
Here kitty, kitty, kitty...
Yes Son, nothing seems as it was since Trump.
At the end of the day, son, it's not the size of the shovel but what you do with it.
It gets easier as you get older.
Son, it's a myth that size matters.
Turtle! Rabbit!
Do your parents still not let you trade ?
That's the problem in this family. Our perspective is all messed up.
I told you: size isn't everything.
Again you want to trade shovels?
Today is 'Opposite Day'.
You'll understand when you're married, Son.
If you need anything, I'll be by the pool, in St Barts.
I bought right before that government subsidy.
Looks like someone's compensating for something.
As you grow older, it just gets smaller.
Suddenly Mr. Jones realized he had never paid little Jimmy for all the snow shoveling all winter long and now it was payback time.
Your hands are too close together.
Keep it. I'm getting paid by the hour.
Hairdryer, please
My shovel is recommeded by eight out of ten members of the American Orthopedic Surgeons Association.
Ok, Eugene. Size does matter.
Are you going to ask it to Prom or are you going to finally help out here?
Wrong! Slow and steady does NOT always win the race.
Stop saying your thing is bigger than my thing!
My snow removal incentive plan is based on the number of shovelfuls.
Making snow cones, how about you?
We got a foot, or if you will, twelve inches.
YOU...ARE...THE 99 PERCENT!
The groundhog lied.
Hey, what's taking you so long? I've already cleared out the walkway up to here with this spatula!
So much for disruptive technology.
I don't think you're trying
I see the cartoonist drew you the wrong size shovel, too.
I take back what I said. Never share.
I accidentally brought my Florida sand shovel.
I'm glad you are helping me son!
It's not quantity. It's quality.
Like I told you, son, size doesn't matter.
So, son, that is why there are Republicans and Democrats.
Nice job Dad--you can have my marshmallow when we take a break for cocoa.
Remember, son, it's not the size of your shovel but how you throw the snow!
Like father,like son!
It's not the siaze of the shovel, son, it's how you use it!
I charge by the scoop.
You ask why? Because I'm the father.
Wax on, wax off, wifeyson!
I just heard spring is right around the corner.
So, if the little shovel can move twenty percent of what the big shovel can move, but the big shovel moves no snow at all, then how much of the snow does the little shovel move?
Stop whining, start shoveling.
I hope this has taught you a lesson!
Remember son, bigger isn't always better. Someday you'll understand what I mean.
Not shovel size ready.
It's not about size.
Tell your mom I enjoy oxymorons!
... and that's why the marginal tax rate doesn't make sense either.
Think of this as a virtual demonstration.
''Like me, lift with your legs.''
Not until I can use my right arm.
Put some elbow into it.
Your back hurts? What about my wrist?
When they tell you that size doesn't matter, don't you believe 'em.
I do the heavy lifting supervising shovel assignments.
Help! Having...tiny...heart attack....
C'mon son, if you want to be a politician like your old man, you have to learn how to shovel it.
See? Just lift with your knees.
And you can paint the fence this summer.
On second thought, I would like to switch shovels.
My doctor advised me to shovel slowly and fill the shovel with small loads of snow.
Looks like someone is overcompensating.
Dad, is this the one you wanted?
Remember kid, it's not the size of the shovel, but how you use it.
Did Tom Brady complain about the size of his shovel when he was drafted in the sixth round?
When I was your age we had to shovel our way to school, two miles each way — uphill in the snow!
And I had to walk five miles to my school in a blizzard, and it was uphill both ways.
Reminds me a shovel was needed after a recent Presidential Debate.
You can take this job and shovel it.
... it's what you do with it.
It's called the 'Gunderson Paradox', Peter: big butt, small shovel.
Take a lesson from me- don't dry your shovel on hot.
This is what is called a teachable moment.
Let me demonstrate.
I see that someone has already wiped the smirk off your face.
We can use this snow day to learn more about capitalism, son.
Because anything worth having is worth working hard for it.
Put your whole body into it!
Dad, "How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?"
I found him on Angie's List
Oh, is this what you were looking for, Dad?
Best cocaine harvest in a decade. Thanks, El Niño!
The small shovel is just a gag to make you smile. Your mother and I are getting a divorce.
Bigger is not always better – yet I would rather be masturbating.
Sisyphus who!
Well, at least I have one important thing bigger than you.
Wanna switch?
Henry Jr. would always veer from the beaten path. This was in contrast to the majority of his peers and neighbors in Bovey, Minnesota.
It's called haute scoop-ture.
Bar mitzvah, bar shmitzvah, Neil; today you are a man.
You see, Jeremy? Size doesn't matter!
Eyes bigger than your shovel, little man?
A tale of two shovels.
I think I've made my point how ridiculous our 2-party system has become.
Hear dad use this one, so I can get there before I have to shave!
Okay, I'll triple your allowance if you trade shovels with me.
Well, this experience has certainly given me a new perspective.
OK, OK - neither of us should have bought online.
He with the largest shovel clears the way only for himself.
Arthur King thanked Mrs. Lake's stepson for his timely gift.
Look Junior, the hours I waste shoveling the walk are my time away. What do you want? I'll give you anything - just don't let your mother know about this efficient snow removal tool!
There's no art in a big brush, either!
Pancake flipping titles are won in the off-season.
Final offer I'll triple your allowance for the shovel.
When I'm finished we'll build a snowmidget.
This sucks. We need to join the tiny house movement.
It's not the size of the shovel; it's what you do with it.
Puh, millenials.
Look, I appreciate that you're licensed, bonded and certified, but I think I can handle this myself.
Honey, we make a great team!
Remember, son, size doesn’t matter. It’s all in the technique.
The auction said, Snow Help.
It's not the size of the man, it's his equipment.
Did you find the kids yet?
OK, OK, I get it! But at least you can fly coach!
First one done gets to do laundry.
Size doesn't always count.
You can have your phone back as soon as we finish.
Thomas, you look tired? Would it be alright if Daddy uses the big shovel for a while?
I'm good at detail. You're a big-picture guy.
I could have sworn the keys fell out on the path.
I am getting paid by the hour. How about you??
C'mon now, like this. Bend, thrust, toss. Bend, thrust, toss.
OK, that's one thousand for me. Now you do yours.
Next time I get to be the grown up.
the moment they realized he had taken his artisan phase too far.
Since I only get you on the weekends, I need to be creative with the character building exercises.
I did not belittle you
Harry, so how was your life going since we swapped wives?
Where's my bailout?
That demonstrates proof of concept.
With the big shovel comes big responsibility.
Is that what they've been teaching you at that fancy school of yours?
This shovel has worked for me for a long time--in fact, since yesterday morning.
You sound like your mother. It's not about size.
See, it's easy. Just step, lift, turn, toss.
Dad there's something wrong with this picture!
Remembering back, Jack realized that his father always found ways to make him feel small and incompetent.
Who says that size matters
See son, contrary to what your mother might say, size doesn't matter.
See! It's not the size of the shovel that matters!
Thanks, but your mother isn't always right.
We're the Hardway's son, put that thing away!
Are you aware that I use to walk 7 miles to school every day?
Son, the hourly worker needs to pace himself.
It's the economy stupid
Son, it's not the size, it's what you do with it.
I love the smell of global warming in the morning.
I got this shovel at the Republican convention.
You see? There are no small shovels, only small snow shovelers.
I'm very good at micromanaging.
It's called Zen and the Art of Snow Removal, son.
Your mother says she thinks you might be gay.
I told you when we met, I'm a beach person!
When I get done shoveling, I'll give you something to reflect on.
It's either this or I invoice you as an adult for your school clothes.
But I'm not ready to switch back.
Where's your baby sister with the snowblower?
My mom says it's to bad you don't have a bigger one, and then she laughed.
No, this is not what I meant by "division of labor"... This is what I meant by "Job Security"
My Mother always says to remember that size does matter.
Remember son slow and steady wins the race.
Opposites attract.
Son, put the shovel down! I need to give you a key memory for your later adolescent rejection of me.
Son, remember quality trumps quantity when offering bespoke snowflake removal services.
Come on mom, we have 5 more houses to do.
See how easy Daddy makes it look?
Sorry Mom, I stepped on a crack!
Like I tell your Mom son, bigger is not better.
Archimedes would have loved this.
I should have gone to Costco also.
"Wait'll next week. It'll all be gone".
One flake at a time—I'm practicing the Buddhist approach to snow removal.
It's the only one I own.
Here she is son... I'll dig her out.
An AP class in snow shoveling?
It's not the size of the shovel, it's the scraping of the paving.
Time for Daddy's Little Man to step up and pull his weight.
I have less character to build.
You're doing a great job Brownie.
Slow down and enjoy it. Come July you'll be missing this!
Son, I know it takes a little longer but I find a spatula to be more precise.
Son, I'm the 1 %
How about we play again, this time best of three?
Back in my day, there was no such thing as "physically impossible".
I will trade you for that "scoop" shovel.
Hey Dad. How can you still deny that Global Warming exists? This is August !!
Don't let them see you take a break, son. We get paid by the hour.
There's no white flag. You're still fair game sonny.
It's all about the technique.
Picasso didn't shop at Sherwin-Williams, Billy.
Snow shoveling is not in the Winter Olympics but your scoop looks good.
The shovels are the same size. It's just an optical illusion.
That's just from your perspective.
A Garden Gnome's work is never done!
Don't look so smug - I'd have won the bet if it weren't for global warming
How much did you want for that damn shovel again?
Why not an upgrade
Remember, lift with your knees, not your back!
c'mon, Ma...cigarette break's over
Don't suppose you're one of those honey-eating bears...
For really deep snow, I use the miniature snowblower.
It's in the wrist.
Bigger isn't better!
You are a little boy who needs a big shovel so he can grow up to be a man who gives himself the small one
You said "help me chip away at this".
I'm in no rush. Company is coming to dinner if we get the snow cleared in time.
I'm telling you, it's not the size, it's the motion.
It's called perspective, Son. Didn't they teach you anything in art class?
Our HOA requires paths to be sculpted, not shoveled
Son, smaller shovels equals fuller employment.
Wouldn't you say we've lost our sense of perspective?
Look, if you aren't going to take this seriously, just go inside.
Wanna trade, Big Boy?
....and that's the difference between Hillary and Bernie's campaign funding strategies.
Be sure to lift from the knees.
The devil is in the details, son.
I'm ready to move to Africa. #ImmigrantsUnite
It is not the size thay counts, but how you use it!
Mom says she needs that spatula for the flapjacks.
Are they really teaching that 'possession is 9/10's of the law' in preschool?
Sure, but does it build character?
Sad news...my hamster just died. So, how's your pet tiger doing?
I'll be done by March.
Since when does Santa allow moonlighting?
Climate change will mean a different walk, a different shovel.
Son, when you're married you will understand.
I don't need your help. I have an appointment with my proctologist when I finish.
Stop telling me to check my privilege.
Not quite yet. Your grandmother is still visiting.
Snow and steady wins the race, son.
And once the edges are perfect I like to finish up with some 100 grit sandpaper
Oh! That's what practical means. I thought is was some kind of fish fillet.
Can't wait until spring so I can use the micro lawn mower!
Put that thing away, we charge by the hour.
Life's full of ironies isn't it?
My cardiologist sells them.
Sometimes bigger just isn't better!
Junior held his ground, knowing that it was only a matter of time before Dad would accept the shovel's retail price.
It goes back to my prison days.
The problem is you are always looking for a shortcut.
a big winter means big things!
It might take a little longer than expected.
Your seem quite happy with that bat!
Yeah, I bill by the hour
Because, Timmy, I'm much more detail-oriented than you are.
Thanks, but I'll stick with what I'm using. I'm getting paid by the hour.
Bend with your knees, not your back.
Let that be a lesson to you.
When I was your age, we used our hands for shovels!
You'll learn as you get older. It's not the size, it's the motion.
I told you, I prefer incremental change.
Compensating?
Pitchers and catchers report ...
It's shovel full, not mindful.
You're a jackass!
Look, See? The small shovel works just fine. Now quit your complaining.
Hey - is that my hat?
Ah. You must be the boy sent to do a man's job.
Stop whining about losing the coin-toss
Size may not matter to her, but it does to me.
The cold truth about perspective.
Your allowance is 10,000 shovelfuls that way.
Hey Buddy, feeling a bit of 'trowel envy' are we?
Shoveling snow?" "No, burying a groundhog - early end to winter my ass.
Son, quit being a wimp and put your back into in like this.
I hope the readers can put things in the right perspective
It's all relative.
Stop complaining. The more you grow, the smaller YOUR shovel will appear too.
See, Danny. This is the way we would do it back in the day.
ITS OK, I'M A REPUBLICAN
I appreciate your effort, son. But the sidewalk is over here.
Are you sure they gave us the right tools??
Life ain't fair, so there!
Don't fall into this overachiever trap.
It pains me to admit that economists who preach 'free trade makes everyone better off ' are actually on to something.
Watch me son-it's all in the wrists.
Mother, mother always told me "don't bite off more than I could chew."
No son, I said "bring me the blow dryer".
I make the most in life with what I have, son.
No, I don't want to rent your shovel, the spatula is working just fine.
Smarter not harder? Where do you come up with these things!
Do the math Mr Mensa. THEN lecture me again about this making a mountain out of a mole hill thing!
How to avoid a heart attack
Thanks, but I’m looking for Mom’s wedding ring.
You're gonna need a much larger shovel to dig your way out of this one, Howard.
Maybe you need this for your windshield, buddy.
Go tell your Mom, that just because she found our snow shovel, does not mean I need to use it.
See how easy it is? It's all in the wrist.
"Get out of the well. Stop playing with that ceiling roller and give me a help".
Wrongo, Kid! First out of the house gets to pick which shovel.
For twenty bucks you couldn't get me to the curb?
What are you complaining about? I gave you the good shovel.
You say you make more shoveling snow, than being a garden gnome?
This debunks that myth…size doesn't matter.
Optical Illusion #10 - The shovels are the same size!
Its too big for the sand box .
Looks like we each had a coupon at the Shoddy Shovel Shop.
I know, baby - you'll dig it the most...
It's not the size that counts. It's how well you use it.
Too big too late!
Don't tell your mother this is why it takes me so long.
Put that back, it violates the HOA's 'Small Community' theme.
I still can't tell if size matters!
Now why didn't I think of that?
Son, it's not the size that matters. It's the way you use it.
"Big Boy" things aren't always what you think!
It's the French way. I read an article.
He sent me on a mission 'Who Stole My America, Let's Get 'Em'.
That was grandpa's, may he rest in peace.
Thanks son. But this spoon is doing a fine job..
'Cause it's right there in the fine print, Thompson & Son charges by the scoop.
Don't gloat, son, that you got to the garage first.
I think I saw my opposite gender doppelgänger in there.
It's the new iShovel--want to try?
Strangely, Pete had never given much thought to his shovel.
You must have been trained by an undertaker!
What's bigger than mine?
Sarah Palin's house looked a lot nicer from Russia.
Those rats died of plague
Theres gotta be a Polar Bear under here somewhere.
Would you like to change the tool?
I'm an archaeologist. Why do you ask?
Really pushing for that inheritance aren't you?
See? The trick is to bend your knees and push.
Where's the challenge in that?
Dad, is there a moral in this?
That's it. Aim high.
Maybe we should focus on ground level dear!
No thanks. This is the only way to satisfy my FitBit goal for today.
Seriously? You've been sitting there with that shovel for the past two hours?
What makes you think, that I'm trying to avoid you?
Someday you'll understand -I work for the city...
You can do a lot with a little.
I told you: It's speed, and not size, that matter.
Sure, it takes longer, but it networks with my fitness tracker.
You're handling it with kid gloves.
Bring me the Tonka skiploader from your toy box.
It's time to switch shovels, isn't it?
The other way!
Do you think maybe keep yours in place where it's a little easier to find next time?
No wonder my underpants felt so small lately.
I'm union, kid.
One small step for mankind.
So you're telling me that size does matter.
Shut up and keep shoveling. Do you think little Jesus ever complained about shoveling snow?
Can we keep this quick? I've gotta go to the sandbox in half an hour.
Here's a tip: bill by the scoop.
Tell your mother that size isn't everything.
Effort and technique matter more than size.
Where's your pail? I want to take a bath later.
Smell the air! How great for the environment that we got rid of that gas guzzling snow blower!
Size doesn't matter, it's what you do with it.
I know you're from Atlanta, but that's ridiculous.
Remember, now ... Lift with your knees.
See! - it's all in the knees.
It's artisanal shovelling.
You kids are always rushing to get things done.
Maybe I shouldn't do this while I am stoned!
okay that's a big shovel and all but seriously where did the sky go
Being the bigger man isn't all it's cracked up to be, is it?
Mac wondered if they'd had more than one child would he still be using the sand castle shovel to clear the walk.
Sometimes, size really doesn't matter.
No thanks - It's probably best that I don't get to Flint for a couple months.
Yes, I promise to put it back in your sand box when I finish.
Your shovel is behind the tax wall, that's why.
You shovel, I'll scoop -- it's called division of labor.
Remember to lift with your legs, not with your back.
I don't care what Mommy says. You tell her that this is the most I can lift after my massive heart attack last week.
I'm more about the process.
True, but Frank Gilbreth never had to spend Sunday afternoon with your mother and her sisters.
I get it, Dad. Back in your day...
At least you get to stay home!
What are you trying to compensate for, Stan?
Ready....aim.... Fire...
Don't laugh. I escaped from prison this way.
Flick the wrist, Jr. Flick the wrist.
See son? I told you it's not the size that counts.
Yes, yours is bigger, but I've got the moves.
I thought I told you to grab the big shovel.
Don't worry son. You will also be a father someday.
Your mother said go out and shovel with the little guy and that's what I'm doing.
Would you call this the Jonas Brothers?
So how much powder DOES the washer take?
Back in my day we had to shovel with our tongues.
What matters is how you use it.
Our shovels are the same size. The cartoonist just created an illusion - now get the freak back to work.
The key is to lift with your legs...
Mr. Hitchcock and his gnome enjoyed the changing seasons.
Piece of cake, son. Why don't you finish up.
When you get to be my age, you'll get to use the small shovel too.
See, son? It's not the size -- it's how you use it.
We'll definitely have a good case for telling Amazon their product descriptions were inaccurate.
Put that away, we are paid by the hour.
Stop sighing. I'm doing my bit.
Because the hard way builds character, Timmy.
O K, kiddo, last pitch.
Believe me son when I tell you size doesn't matter. Just ask your mother.
'We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the drugs began to take hold.'
Still believe everything Al Gore tells you?
Yes son, that's the one I meant.
2 + 1 ? 1 + 2
I don't know about you, but I'm headed to the beach.
Pass the salt!
You've got the driveway shovel, so get started!
This isn't the first time in our marriage that you confuse quantity and quality.
Point again to where you threw the keys.
No ad hominem.
Because that's Daddy's 401(k) shovel.
You've never heard of forced perspective?
Son, that's how I got my start.
Mrs. Robinson, weren’t you the one that taught me that it’s not the size of your shovel but it’s how you swivel it?
Size matters? Your mom sent you out here to say that, right?
When I started shoveling this walk there was no snow.
I just use a simple scoop and toss method. Piece of cake.
"My Lazy Eye does NOT run all the way down to my boots!
These little shovels work great for this Monsant-snow!!!
Are you calling me a liar?
It's the spoon nine out of ten escaped convicts recommend
I found your brother...I'm glad we didn't use the snow blower....
It's not the yellow brick road!
Mine was that size when I was your age.
Once Mommy finds her newspaper, she'll unfreeze Billy's hands.
This is analogous to an argument I always have with your mom about size.
I get more steps on my fitbit this way.
I'm a southpaw, so your right-handed shovel is useless to me.
It's not the size of your shovel, son, it's how far you throw your snow.
Undefeated! My snow spatula once again vanquishes your snow shovel. Boo-Yah!
Remember son 'speak softly and use a big shovel'.
I'm going to package it up and sell it to hipsters as "artisinal hand-shoveled" snow.
Chip off the "old block", once removed.
Hey, kid! I hope you know that yours won't be that big forever!
But Bernie says this is the only fair way to share the labor!!!
Remember son, it's not the size of the shovel in a man's hand, it's the size of the man holding the shovel.
No, this doesn't mean you can trade your twin bed for my king-size bed.
Women lean in, son. Men lean on.
You'll always be Daddy's little helper, but right now I need you to get your ass in gear.
"Walk softly and carry a big shovel" is not a thing.
And, the far too late, it dawned on Mr. Friedman: "Perhaps the market doesn't always efficiently allocate resources."
It's all in the power to weight ratio.
I'm telling you man, it's not the size of the shovel that matters...
With you it's always about presentation!
Good system. One full shovel for you, one for me.
Some is good, more is better, my dear.
I would swap shovels with you but my sciatica wont let me.
It's not the size of the shovel that counts. It's what you do with it that matters the most.
A little bit goes a long way.
Ah, the ambiguity of the paradox of scale.
It's not the size that matters, but what you can do with it.
It's not about size, its all about how you use it.
Stop complaining, Doris. You know I am better at detail work.
No Thanks-productive sandbox shovel!
Isn't it your nap time?
Mom said yours wasn't big enough. I assumed she meant the shovel.
Good news-- I scoped it out and from what I can tell you can keep it going for a while.
To the confident, son, size doesn’t matter.
Attention to detail is important, son.
And, you thought I wasn't a feminist.
It's all about the reps.
No, thanks. I'm good.
I've earned my right to lead by example.
Trust me, son, artisan hand forged snow shovels are part of the new economic paradigm.
Hey kid, get off my lawn.
Finish shoveling the grass but don't get any snow on the sidewalk.
Ladies and gentlemen the next president of the United States in Donald J. Trump
Sorry kid, there's no app for this.
Watch me, son. Just one scoop at a time.
This is Vermont, Homer. In keeping with Bernie Sanders philosophy about taxes, let's switch snow shovels.
See? If it works for prisoners, . . .
Your mother would approve, only just don't tell her.
Remember, I get first choice of beach umbrella.
You're right, Honey. Size really doesn't matter.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools
Downsizing.
But where's the fun?
Sell out.
If you can guess my name, you get the big shovel back.
Yes, but see I get paid per hour.
But, all these years...
Your should get on your stilts honey.
Are you from the future?
What next? Some sort of machine that blows it out of the way?
I told you, it's not what you have, it's how you use it
Don't let my technique discourage you.
By an inch is a cinch, by a yard is extra hard.
All I can tell you is that there's a proverb here somewhere.
No, I'm not getting you a Baby Hummer with a snow plow!
You were expecting the same results as running in place?
Its' called trickle down economics.
Who said life was fair?
If you are sitting on the lawn mower it's going to be a long year.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their need.
Bend your hips, and knees, and push your chest out. Lift the snow with your leg muscles, and keep your back straight. Like this.
the winter gets me down!
Sure, son, we can go sledding, but let Daddy finish his chores first.
Next you will be demanding a snow blower.
They call this a "tall?" You were right to get the grande.
Must get 10,000 steps......
It is not the size of the tool; it's "The Art of the Duel.
OK. It's your turn. Bring your shovel and come and help Daddy.
Thanks for your good deed! See ya around sometime!
This was much easier when we shot Fargo.
So, does size matter?
You can do a lot with little or nothing with a lot.
You wanted 'big shovel.' You got 'big shovel.' Now, just shovel!
My shovel is half full
This must be what it's like to enter the New Yorker cartoon contest.
Son, as I told you, size doesn't matter.
I could have used you three weeks ago.
I don't get that new technology.
Trust me. In time you'll live to make moments like this last.
Yes, I am the guy you saw last July cutting his lawn with scissors. Why do you ask?
It's called, "progressive snow shoveling."
It's the motion that counts.
Haven't you seen the Shawshank Redemption?
Call the Obesity Police: I've found the Abdomenable Showman.
I prefer quality snow removal to quanity.
You're overcompensating.
I worked hard to get this shovel. No handouts.
So what if it you think it's a matter of too-much-man-and-not-enough-shovel?
Bitch. Bitch. Bitch. That's all you do.
It's a toy you'll have for life.
You do the rest of the shoveling while I take care of the car windows.
A nod to the global warming revisionists...
It's not the about destination it's about the journey
I'll be shoveling snow until the another snowstorm arrived in one month!
Get used to it, son. We live iin Siberia."
I'm from California; what's your excuse?
See jack, it's not the size that matters its the way you use it
Mine is too small. Yours is too big. Come on, let's switch hats.
Your mom was right. Size doesn't matter.
Your grandfather, the archaeologist, taught me how to shovel snow.
This makes snow sense!
I'm doing cardio, not strength training today.
It's called metaphorical shoveling.
I'll stick with mindless persistence.
Think of it as preparation for the 2036 Winter Olympics.
Well, it's easier than that escherian stairwell game...
I guess it's true, it's not the size of the shovel, but the size of the shoveler !
Timmy, your mother and I have already explained our switch to small-batch snow shoveling.
You kids and your damn technology!
The optics appear indefensible; but a bet is a bet Mother.
It's all in the wrist Billy.
Er, thanks, but I prefer the Conservative approach.
Why, yes, I do work for the government.
The joy is in the journey.
I did the math. We should have shoveled the same amount of snow.
Who drew this picture? It makes no sense.
Young Sigmund found relationships confusing
Switch?
But the flakes are so small!
Because you haven't had two heart attacks, that's why!
Sometimes, size does matter.
'Thanks a lot for the stocking stuffer."
Well yes, I do feel a bit silly. But it's just part of the new economy. I'm 52 and rushing a fraternity.
Maybe now you'll learn the difference between metric and imperial.
If it's the last thing I ever say, "Bigger is not better."
It's how you use the tool not the size
Remember, my boy, it's not the size of your shovel but how much Elvis is in your pelvis...
Quality not quantity; remember that lad.
I think buying a shovel at the mini-mart vs the mega- mall DOES make a difference!
Mommy said it was right in the garage where she said it was???
Oh, good. Finished building your 'Wall Against the Rising Tide of Stephanie' next door?
Now who's laughing at my shovel app?
It's all about leverage, my boy.
Would it've killed you to point out that 'amusing' mix-up a little earlier?
So now they're making iShovels bigger?
Why don't you use a small shovel?
You've made your point, Danny. Now can I have my compensatory icon of phallic aggression back?
Remember son, it's not about the size. It's about how you use it.
Thanks, son, but you know that Daddy waits all year to enjoy artisanal snow removal.
Shoveling my way to the store. Need anything?
Hard on the back; easy on the wallet.
I was your age when I started.
Upstate Ergonomics 101
When I was your age, I had to walk 5 miles to school shoveling snow with that shovel.
No, I said 'chisel-tip'
Son, one day you will understand how ironic this is.
No thanks, I've already come this far with small shovels averaging just 27mm.
I told you our therapist is wrong -- size does matter!
You see, Marty? It ain't the size of the shovel that counts! The big-dicked man will always shovel faster.
Double, double, toil and trouble; To each man cursed: the wrong size shovel.
I'm tithing.
put your back into it, Snedley. We didn't get this far by loafing!
Perspective matters!
I'm trying to fulfill my duty as your parent to demonstrate a cliché-laden metaphoric life lesson about the virtues of hard work, perseverance and overcoming obstacles; could you just let me?
I get your drift.
I told you; low weight, high reps!
I suppose you're still using a landline too.
You're right - this wet snow is really heavy.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing with a child's beach shovel.
Watch your back
Well, if you don't think it's fair, you should've corrected grandma when she called you the big man of the house now.
Have you found that contact yet Marge ?
And that, my boy, is what "Capitalism" is all about. You just keep shoveling, see, and I come back later to reap the benefits.
Maybe bigger is better.
Aren't you the same kid that offered to shovel my walk two weeks ago?
Told ya, size does not matter...
I'll pay you double to cover the car up again.
When you're retired you stretch every chore until it takes a week.
Remember son, it's not the size of your tool that counts, it's how you use it.
We charge by the hour, son.
Now you know what it's like to be a man.
You have the advantages in life that I didn't.
Up yours!
This new Technology is making my hard work obsolete!
Just more proof that size doesn't matter.
Your mother didn't say, "size never matters?
What made you think Hell would be warm?
The right tool for the right job, Son. Now go see if you can find the driveway.
I hear hot chocolate calling, son. Please tell me you hear it too.
Was yours an impulse buy at Costco too?
You see, son, the importance of tool size is just a myth.
My doctor said 'no heavy lifting'
Just how many more snow cones are you planning on making, son?
If we keep at it, we can make Vegas by nightfall.
Don't tell your mother what I've done with her spatula.
Dang, if he tries to switch shovels with me I'll lose my excuse to be outside to blow gas.
Just remember, son: Size doesn't matter.
It's not the size of the tool that counts, Nora, it's the size of the effort...oh, never mind. Hand me the big shovel, please.
I know what you're compensating for.
You see now how my suggestion of the shovel as a conceptual tool really works .
Let's make a deal: We swap shovels and the hot chocolate servings mom is preparing for each of us.
Winter is not the season for Freaky Friday.
...And, yes, it was uphill both ways.
Because I'm wearing my Fitbit.
Home Depot may have implemented affirmative action, but I'm still a better shoveller
I don't care any more what my Fitbit thinks of me! Hand me the big shovel.
No thanks Hun. The lack of NFL has unleashed the Sisyphus in me.
The elder Johnson was always skeptical of new technology.
Anyone can move snow. It's only a true artist that can shape it and let it tell it's own story.
$100.00 and not a penny less.
Daddy will take it from here, Sparky.
Sure?! Now you find the shovel!!!
Apparently, if you look at us through a pinhole, we're doing fine.
Your birthday wishes are getting more and more unsettling.
It's not the size of the shovel, it's the size of the heart that matters.
Say son, choke up on it a little.
If you do the sidewalk, I'll build the snowman.
Things seem bigger when you are young. When you are older it will seem small.
Let this be a lesson to you--always choose the 1% shovel.
I'm not sure pulling straws for the big shovel was the best idea.
You don't think salt will do it?
Try doing it this way!
Are we having fun yet?
You should do that my way.
It's the latest iShovel.
Little goes a long way.
I read Marie Kondo and this was the shovel that made me the happiest.
Man up and get back to work.
My boss wants me at work when I’m finished.
Honey, like I always tell you, it's not about the size.
Like I keep telling you, it's confidence not size that matters!
You're the best, Mrs. G! Thanks for having my favorite popsicle on hand for me!
El nino?
Bend at the hips, not the low back.
Get busy , Gnomes don't get allowances
Somehow the trade seemed inevitable, albeit a bit late.
I told your mother I'd help out for a sec.... OK, back to you, Billy.
Complain softly and carry a big shovel.
where's the Johnny Snow Plow you got for Christmas ?
still overcompensating?
No, as far as I know, there isn't 'an Uber for this'.
No, thanks, I'll keep mine.
If Bernie wins, we all get medium sized shovels.”
Let's have a fair exchange.
You have to follow through. Like this.
Yes, I know what your other grandmother thinks!
I can see Russia from here.
What? You said a little help.
Because I'm the boss -- get used to it!
Shovel faster, Timmy, or the ice cream in this come will be all melted!
Yes, but it's quality snow.
I did my part, now it's your turn.
Let's go inside and have some 1/16th scale hot cocoa.
I told you, my son, size doesn't matter
The trick is, the longer you spend in the snow, the more likely you are to win an Oscar.
The good news is that it isn't hard on my back.
I'll have time for your great idea when we're finished.
Honey, what doesn't kill you, makes you stronger!
symbolically,son, these last few inches are always for the man of the house.
It is a Lake House and I am getting close.
This is almost as frustrating as the New Yorker caption contest
Do you think I'm ready for the big boy shovel yet? Please.
Getting paid by the hour is great, isn't it?
"It's called, 'Zen Shoveling' son. Watch and learn!
It's an absolute law of physics --- opposites attract.
You know, son, it wasn't too long ago, that I would have needed that big shovel for a job like this. Now I can do it all with my smart phone.
Why, yes - I am a lawyer.
IT'S NOT ABOUT HOW BIG IT IS
I told my wife that I would help out around the house after I finished shoveling.
My doctor prescribed this one.
I've got your back.
At my age, I'm just happy to be able to shovel at all.
Sorry, it's freaky Friday.
I haven't seen this much snow since Clapton in '75.
Just look at your old man go!
You may be right, so far the snowflakes are all different.
One more minute until Daddy gets the shovel, okay?
My purpose? My purpose is to make a man of you.
Dibs on yours!
A little shovel goes a long way.
At least it's quieter than your jet turbine leaf blower!
Try bending your knees.
Do this systematically and we can find that buried snow plough
There must be better ways to narrow the gender achievement gap.
Sorry, that big shovel hurts my back.
Well, maybe for some it is hard work, but it suits me just fine.
Once again, there's no emoji to encapsulate this moment.
Left my other shovel at the beach house.
When you feel tired, use my snowplough.
Switch? We are being paid hourly!
I'm practicing for the civil service exam.
NOW, you find the shovel?
Get ready to come back in; I've almost finished the touch-up work.
Put it on the spin cycle and use a hammer to pry loose the porch.
When you grow up, I promise you can use the little shovel.
Never mind what mom says, it’s not the size that counts.
First one to shovel out the car gets to drive.
Next I'll show him how to play Ping-Pong.
You know what they say about small shovels.
Nope.
Now take the big shovel away and hide it while Daddy makes the neighbors think he's insane.
Be ready with my chopsticks.
At least you can use yours as a sled.
I'm sure we'll eventually find your retainer.
And when it all melts, I have a shot glass you can use to clear away the flooding.
I'm good, I saw "The Revenant" last night!
Well Alice, does size matter now?
There's no App for this.
I've been doing it this way since I was a kid.
You can stop looking, there's no App for this.
Avoiding toddlers or teenagers?
Hey Mr Jones - hundred bucks to borrow my shovel. And I won't tell the Mrs.
Just lift with your legs son.
It's a Daddy heart attack preventer.
It looks smaller when its cold out.
Now it's your turn.
A little shoveling does the body good.
I saw it on "Escape from Alcatraz." What's your excuse?
As big as it is, you'll find it's useless if you don't know how to operate it.
Hey, I borrowed your ice cream scooper.
You’re way too young to want to move to Florida.
I told you. It's not the size that counts; it's how you use it.
Still wanna take turns?
Where's you ox, Paul?
It's not the size-it's the motion.
A little shoveling will do you good.
No thanks--I've joined the slow movement.
When we're done, you can have a little hot chocolate, and I'll have a big scotch.
Your mother insisted I complete a 12-step program.
Remember, one small scoop at a time.
Is it big enough now Edith?
Your father's no wussy!
Sunny Boy! A credit card on a popsicle stick is all you need!
You see son, this is socialism. This is why Sweden is covered in snow.
What do you mean "small"? It's technique that matters, not size.
See. It doesn't matter how big it is.
Hey Stan, need a little help?
Trust me, there's no App on there.
Hey Dad... FEEL THE BERN!
It's not the size of the equipment son, it's...it's...well that's not really the point.
If I borrow your shovel, am I acknowledging your existence?
Who's the little man now?
It ain't the size of the tool that matters, son.
Honey, we're getting paid by the hour.
It's called "Seniority" son, stop complaining.
And so ends today’s lesson in humiliation.
I still have my old shovel from the 2000s when smaller was all the rage.
Are political ideologies going on here?
No more "Rock, Paper, Scissors". Ever!
Good "d" but I'm doin' the alley-oop for the second floor.
Mine has GPS.
Don't toy with me.
Hey Stan, I've been meaning to ask you to join my Linkedin network?
If you say I've got shovel envy one more time, I swear I'll kill you.
Son, it called disruptive technology
Size isn't everything. Ask Mom.
Don't judge a shovel by its size.
Watch me son, it's all about leverage.
Oh my, I'm using Bernie's shovel and I do "Feel the Bern."
My shovel only looks bigger because the snow is deeper here.
Sow removal supervised by proper government agency.
This expands my capacity to 10,000.
No thanks, I'm good. I've got kind of a Zen thing going on here.
Don't forget, the government contract pays per shovel!
Next time the snow shoes.
when I though I have it all
Well, she can't spank me.
Never mind,I'm getting paid by the hour
I thought you like pretend games.
Good job Timmy. We managed to shovel the walkway and get in a lesson on resource distribution at the same time.
paper says rain
You're sure your mother's inside?
Tell your mother I'll be in to meet her parents when I'm done.
We make a great team, son!
Next time, pick heads.
It's really about economies of scale
Like I said, you were very fortunate to use the large snow shovel after I fliped the coin. Heads you won and tails I lost.
I'm not prepared for global warming.
I guess the debates taught him a thing or two.
You'll be sorry when you're a grandfather someday...
'And it measures heart rate, calories burned, and gives me up to date market reports.'
G. I. Joe doesn't use a snow blower, just a toy shovel.
It's cheating to use that big shovel, son.
It’s not that hard, you’ve just lost your perspective.
Size is unimportant--it's all in the technique.
This is the easy part; there's the mortgage, the leaky roof, fuel . . .
That's all right, son. As you can see, I'm a shoveling fool!
Laugh all you want but the Fitbit won't lie.
You said you're a big boy.
My ex- was right. It does count.
See honey -- size doesn't matter.
A sled? You don't want one, I've seen Citizen Kane.
Frederick Winslow Taylor! If you stopped analyzing my technique, we would have been done hours ago!
Silly boy. You're shoveling the yard again.
You won't be afraid of clowns anymore after we build a healthy fear of hypothermia.
YOU said no snowblower this year.
We moved here from Texas. All I have to work with is sand box toys.
Tell your Mom that I am not being stubborn.
I get paid by the shovelful.
Our walk's done, Billy. We'll handle the rest with carve-outs.
Don't worry son. I'll be back to help you after the big convention in Miami.
You are shoveling snow - not election mud
I never said we weren't equal. I simply said you are smaller.
Had enough, big shot?
Haunted by the specter of his own childhood inadequacies, Oliver overcompensates by "showing off."
Welcome to Paradox.
Oscar, run inside and get Daddy the salt shaker.
You say you want to trade?
I need a little break, Son. My back is killing me.
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
I told you, it's the technique that counts.
I don't know if this is the right lesson, Bob.
Obviously I'd prefer yours, but Helen gave me this one for Christmas.
I guess not everything is too big to fail.
Sometimes decisions shouldn't be left to flipping a coin
Well, you'll love it when this goes crazy viral.
All about confidence!
I know your mother is always saying size matters, but we'll just show her size isn't everything.
You know what they say about men with big shovels, don't you?
Do you think you've got it now?
I'm wearing my fitbit.
Dream smaller.
I got a better idea: Let's wait for a thaw.
When I was a kid we shoveled the walk both ways.
See George size really doesn't matter
Of course I knew we had that in the shed.
I told you to bend with your knees.
Remember, not a word about my 'stamina' to your mother.
It's all about attitude!
Just grip a little further back on the handle.
That's not cardiologist approved, son.
I got it at a convenience store in the city. They weren't allowed to sell me anything larger.
Someday son, this shovel will be yours.
We all feel inadequate, kid.
Okay, I did it. Now will you help me update my twitter feed?
See, it's no different than shoveling sand at the beach.
Son, I'm not going to sugar coat things; size does matter.
Barbie's shovel? I wondered why it was taking so long.
Remember "PATIENCE I" with scissors on the lawn? This is "II", son, so go get the right tool.
Don't worry. Thaw predicted this weekend.
Does this make history look like fun?
No thanks--I've downsized.
When push comes to shovel, you win.
Mom's making bacon and eggs and she wants you to use this one.
It's all in the legs, Son.
Go tell Mom she wins, we're moving to Florida.
7,439 … and a new Guinness world record! Now can I have my shovel back?
Don't out kick your coverage
Yes son, there is a lesson. I'm just not sure what it is.
I'm setting a personal best on my pedometer.
If you were older I would say you were compensating.
Don't let anyone lie to you, size is everything.
Put some muscle into it, son. Like this.
So... size does matter?
Mommy's right. No one shovels it like me.
You've got to lift with your legs. Watch me do it.
I wish, son. You’ll understand this demonstration and hate me for it when you get older.
Small shovel, big exercise.
It's not the size of the shovel, it's how you use it that matters.
What's wrong with snowmen, exactly?
Can you get me the salt shaker?
You're right, it's all in the wrist!
Great future story someday for your grandchildren- on the plus side!
Maybe when you're through shoveling the lawn, you can mow the sidewalk.
'' I'm multitasking. Want a Snow Cone ? ''
Son, you'll be able to speak loudly and carry a small stick when you have your own children.
Shoveling snow really gives you perspective
You did a great job on the walk, but I get to use the big shovel next time.
Your mom may be right about Tiger Parenting.
Compensating? No, I'm not 'compensating'. You?
Fred always believed it was 90% attitude.
I happen to like the snow.
Stop singing the theme from '12 Years a Slave'!
Let me show you.
How many more houses?