What an honor to be Bloomberg's pallbearer, right?
Just sharing the workload
I didn't think this is what you meant by file sharing...
I still say he wanted a three piece suit.
Now do you grasp what the PM meant by 'three ministers with portfolio'?
You need a yoga mat not a flying carpet.
I heard there is a dead rabbit in the box. What do you think?
Bet it was hard for her not to ask us what this is.
Remember when machine guns used to fit inside violin cases?
It's a long story.
We should all be on the same side.
Even though the boss says, believe him, there's no problem, we've been asked to present photos.
Could you stop humming the funeral dirge already!?
Well, it's lighter than a coffin.
You know it's not going to be a good board meeting when they make us bring our own board.
Wait til you see the toilet.
Remember...were not the hit men..we're just here for cleanup.
I can carry it guys - it's only got my long johns inside.
Simply a way to destinguish associates from partners.
Today we're demonstrating the latest model RKC - Road Kill Carrier.
I will be glad when this murder trial is over. Getting tired of carrying around the evidence.
The Boss wanted to be buried this way.
You think they'll agree to our terms?
I want you off the case.
I still think this is a strange team-building exercise.
Do you think the editor will say our paper is too long?
How are you liking the shared workspace?
I'm so excited they let us bring Flat Stanley to work
Think of it as a final resting place for good ideas.
Your breath mints are rolling.
I've never been a pallbearer at a corporate funeral before.
I think this is your handle.
Do you think this guy actually needs this for an overnight subway trip?
Yeah, we are Marsellus Wallace's new guys.
We better have one hell of a Shotgun Clause.
I didn't realize I needed this much "hand-holding"!
This is what happens when you let the sales department decide how we do file sharing.
When they said this was a huge case, they sure weren't kidding!
Like I told you, this is the biggest case the firm has ever handled.
Lighten up already.
You know, I'm beginning to think that this merger has gone too far...
OK - Heads I win - Tails you Lose.
Which way are you heading? I'm going uptown.
Yes, I guess having a 52" notebook does kind of defeat the purpose.
They called it a merger;but I never thought they give us one briefcase too work out of.
What do you think is in Fatboy Slim's briefcase?
How I miss having hundred dollar bills...
Think of it as disruptive innovation.
What, you never heard of bringing up the middle?
That restaurant had a strange way of packaging Fred's to-go salad, huh?
There's safety in numbers, but this is silly, we're grown men.
Golf clubs, maybe?
Your wife seems happy we're bringing work home.
"How many business majors does it take to screw in a light bulb"?
It's how Frank always wanted to go.
Think of us as The Three Litigateers.
It's an extra large table so we can massage Mr. Trump's ego.
See that, she didn't even ask....
Long story...
Did you see the size of that lady's purse?
I still get funny looks when I'm the middle man !
I lead but I also follow.
I hate sax season.
If anyone asks, you're my nephew.
It's bad enough the company makes us share a room.
I told you we were going to look like idiots.
Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh.
I've got to take up a smaller instrument.
I predict a huge increase in productivity after we unveil this rocket launcher.
Its our extended version of Monopoly's new board game!
Gary likes the briefcase. When you're carpool captain, we can use the backpack.
He insisted on a contract no longer than one page.
Really, guys, does President Trump's wig case really need a Secret Service detail?
Just once I want to be first.
I heard they are the Sponge Bob briefs.
Don't go all "Rosa Parks" on us Lester. It's strictly a coincidence.
If you ask me, this is carrying teamwork a little too far.
I'll tell you what's in here; it's a long story.
Thanks for help carrying "I am not a terrorist" proof!
Will you please stop humming "We Shall Overcome"
I will not tolerate another threesome joke... lady
It's going to be a long trial we might as well make some massage side money.
I'm not sure "joint suitcasing" will ever catch on.
Not my idea of how a bassoon trio would work.
Can a team be too tight?
On the other hand, I really think we should have separate toilets.
I guess you could say it's a big deal.
Don't envy me. I had to perform despicable acts to move up to second handle.
Thanks for the help with my new iPhone.
No I don't have Al Sharpton's number.
I hate mergers!
Believe it or not, we used to have four on a briefcase.
Subway must really want their recipe for the four-foot-long kept secret.
This is the longest case I've ever tried.
The original Snap, Crackle and Pop at corporate headquarters in Battle Creek
Last week it was pall bearer, next week 10 foot subs for a retirement party.
I told you, once we use the rest of the 8 1/2 by 33 paper, we can start using our own briefcases again.
Our new job description is "white collar Sherpa".
when a board meeting feels like your going to a funeral
I don't like this team briefcase anymore than you do.
Your turn in front will come when we walk back.
I just crop dusted the entire elevator.
I thought he was a no good snake.
Switch arms and pivot on three.
..and what if it's like a barber pole.
Can we call it the not-so-briefcase?
Call me a skeptic, but I'm still not sold on this whole sharing economy thing.
Technically, I would call it our long case.
The medium is the massage.
He always wanted to go quietly.
So this is socialism huh?
Theirs are just briefer.
If we forgot anything, I don't know what it could be.
Research shows a 20 percent decrease in hostility when they get massages before a layoff.
How often does the NRA think we'll need a grenade launcher?
We're trying to blend with the crowd ... so get that dumb look off your face!
Our case is bigger because we carry boxers instead of briefs.
You're SURE these were his funeral instructions?
You know... you're not indispensable.
It's "the briefcase." With the nuclear launch key? Big missile, big key.
The new OSHA rule requires a minimum of three executives when carrying a briefcase.
Do you ever feel like you're doing the work of three people?
We felt a violin case was too Godfather.
Be honest, Jack: Am I always going to be a middleman?
Wadda you mean--at the back again??
Wait until you see what HR have to deal with.
Do you know who killed this project?
You'll never make partner like that, Jenkins.
When I die, I'm leaving my handle to you.
It's from the short-fingered store, but I guarantee you there is no problem.
I thought you said you were left handed.
At all times, stay with the money
Don't worry, this'll be an open and shut, open and shut, open and shut case.
The boss seems to think this is going to help us mix up our ideas.
We thought YOU were carrying the rest of the instruments.
Well, it's time to retire this suitcase until next year's Academy Awards.
I had no idea this is what middle management looks like.
I'm excited to see the paperwork for Jarndyce and Jarndyce.
Old-boy briefcase.
a rare illustration of the"middle man" brief case
What happens when one of us quits or gets transferred?
This is taking teamwork a little too far.
I think we've got a handle on this.
Briefcase, schmeef-case
Do we really have to disclose how many people it takes to change these fluorescent bulbs?
'It started right after someone told the boss's son about multitasking.'
One day robots will make this briefcase with only one handle.
When we asked if you were a lefty, we weren't referring to your politics.
Look, Mr. Cruz said he wanted our campaign contribution in 20's so stop bitching and get your calculator out.
I told you not to mention his tiny fingers.
I am pulling my weight
We never speak of this again..
Teamwork
I remember when they used to call these "brief" cases?
Remember to shoot first, talk later.
How much more can we merge?
We're decoys; the real stuff is going out the back door.
Apparently, opposing counsel doesn't believe that brevity is the soul of writ.
There's no 'I' in 'team'.
I think we've taken car pooling a little too far.
I hate this new IRS Long Form.
Psst...should we crack it open a little to give Romney a little air? Convention isn't for another week!
This is going to be the presentation to end all presentations.
When we get to security, remember to act natural.
It's a good thing we all work on the same floor.
Yes getting hit by a steamroller is a terrible to die but think of all the money Stan is saving on pallbearers.
Makes them feel better about our $2,000 per hour consulting fee.
If you would just come over here, we could carry both of them together instead of having to make two trips.
It looks weird when you stand on that side
In business, we call this the three handed deal!
We're here for the Oscars, you?
Flat Stanley's final wishes were to be shredded.
When I suggested we balance the workload, this is not what I had in mind.
I think you'll find our mentorship program is quite strong.
This is nothing. You want to be in on my three man toilet invention?
The boss said we could make a case for bringing our kids to work.
You would think she never saw a threefcase before.
In the end he had only budgeted enough for three pall bearers.
"Our presentation? I thought his critique* was rather lengthy." *underlined
On the contrary, I thought there was just the right amount of humour in our presentation.
Be discreet.
Thanks for your help, this is a really big case for me.
" THIS WILL NOT BE BRIEF " !
When you said merger, this is not what I had in mind
We've never had to bother opening it, so I don't bother asking what's inside.
McMullen and I can handle this ourselves.
Who does your nails?
You can't stay on that side in the bathroom.
This is not the 'brief threesome' that I thought it was.
Is this your first time as a pallbearer for a steamroller victim?
Welcome to our job share.
This is a very big case for our law firm to be handling in this trial...
Can you believe they're still called 'briefs'?
This is embarrassing. I wish he'd get his eyes checked.
Hey - there's no 'I' in team.
It's an honor to be pallbearer for the latest budget killed by the board.
Yes, Jeff, I get it -- you're a manager. But you're not a *middle* manager.
I know you work with us but you are really not welcome at the Oscars.
Do we fill out each other's evaluation, too?
At least we're not carrying a tuba.
I kept warning him to fix the parking brake on that steamroller of his.
After you've been with the firm about 5 years, you'll start seeing yourself on second handle too.
H.R. takes team building to a new level.
Well, look how much we saved since they mandated carpooling.
The briefcase is obsolete... that's our sales pitch.
I felt you'd take that side of the case.
These nuclear launch codes keep getting longer and longer.
"When do I get to be up front'?
Want to case-pool next week too?
This is our first big case, boys. Let's not mess it up.
We should consider switching to info-sharing on the Cloud instead.
To be honest, Reginald, I just don't know if this "not-so-brief case" was such a good idea.
Every merger has its inconveniences.
Your lunch is weighing me down.
I hate it when people walk illegally in the briefcasepooling lane.
Any thoughts on how we'll split the commission?
Your display of white short is pretty ostentatious.
This cartoon caption contest is fixed.
I hope that what you have there is a genuine flying carpet.
I don't think this file sharing service is worth the money.
I was working as a butcher before I became a magician.
As an accountant I shouldn’t say this, but the 1040 long form is getting to be ridiculous.
I can't wait to meet our wife.
"I" know we are triplets, and "I" know your triplet briefcase is a great idea, but trust me on this, the only chance we have to impress those "Jump the Shark" entrepreneurs is to walk in unison on the same side.
Democrat?
Do you think the boss understood our Flat Tax briefing?
You want the Flying Magic Yoga next door.
Three's company, but this is ridiculous.
Bathroom breaks are tricky, it's best if you hold it until the end of the day.
I would have expected you to be on the left.
I have Donald Trump hands too.
I don't know about these new team briefcases. I don't like sharing my briefs.
You know what they say about men with long briefcases.
What made you go over to the dark side?
It's still considered a 'Brief " case.
I'm tired of being the middle-man.I yearn to be more.
Time to admit this is the worst case scenario.
Oh but you should see the size of the prosecutor!
If P. C. Vey had given us normal sized hands.....it would not take three of us to carry this suitcase.
All this technology and we still have to do everything in triplicate.
Do we have to be on the same team again?
Do I have to attend all three meetings?
Same time next week?
The 'Yoga for Beginners' class meets down the hall.
That's what I thought, too.
We've got to get this extra long spaghetti to the patent office before the Italians.
It was only a matter of time for Airbnb to get into the funeral business.
Did you see the strange look that woman in the elevator gave us?
Actually, I don't think this really such such a close partnership- why?
You want to ride shotgun when he's done?
Don't tell me you forgot Exhibit Z-45392 Sub-Part 204.70000 again.
We're shaving corners on this year's all staff retreat. Instead of the all-inclusive ski lodge, we're going urban poling around Central Park!
He wanted to die the way he lived.
I used to be a fan of job-sharing.
I am glad we saved with this new online bag sharing service.
It's a lengthy brief.
C'mon Fred, you know the drill. Carry with the left and shake with the right.
We really are the only ones who know where the bodies are buried.
Just say we're concealing a weapon.
How can we be sinister if you walk on the right side?
I'm not so sure the lengthy case is going to catch on.
This is taking job sharing too far!
wait till you see what they did to the bathrooms.
I swear, that Cat in the Hat made a three-handled gradunza sound like so much fun.
Between this suitcase and McDermott's death stare, we should convince them to settle without a trial.
If you ask me, this is a conspicuously large payoff.
This guy thinks he's going to get away with one tip?
They're right: our reimagining of the laptop has some obvious flaws.
Don't listen to her, we're a trio not a threesome. I promise.
No offence Tom, but your elevator pitch needs work.
We've been separated! Why do we still use this conjoined triplets briefcase?
It's the share economy.
My lunch is off limits.
How long did you know Gumby?
He's not heavy, he's my broker.
Todd wanted to let you know, he left a nice layer of palm sweat on that handle for you.
It's more of an attaché case.
This is the biggest case I've ever worked on
In my dad's day, interns counted as half of a regular employee!
Artie always said, 'I'll probably die behind my desk!'
I wish he'd drawn our hands bigger.
If you stand on this side, we'll just look silly.
What did she mean that was a weird massage?
I told you panoramic selfies wouldn't fly.
Sorry, but Tailgate Yoga class is Saturday afternoon.
We'll dump him in the river.
It's good that they now make briefcases for group projects.
I didn't say it was 'an important trial' I said it was 'a really big case'
Hey, I'm thrilled the company is doing so well. But upsizing has its limits.
It's a new blade for the guillotine.
It is what it is.
Case closed.
No offense, guys, but I'll be glad when they fix the regular printer.
I'm trying to disguise my viola as an AK-47.
Thanks for helping me carry my not-so-briefcase.
Your meeting is in our other building?
This presentation is dead, and we're the pallbearers.
And someday, if YOU make all the sacrifices necessary to reach the top of the lackey's ladder, YOU'LL get to grab the middle handle.
I'm gonna need more space.
The swordfish brief
The Republican Conspiracy.
Did the judge say 'brief'?
This invention sounded better at the bar.
After years of working together, they found themselves on opposing sides of the case
No. Calendaring the team transport agenda is the hardest part of the Bassoon.
Kktn
I have a handle on the case.
This is one hell of a brief!
We all have to be on the same side on this one, Fred.
Did you see her face when I said 'let's get horizontal?'
We'd be more balanced, if I was an Asian woman.
When I said three's company, I didn't mean literally
We're really a team now.
Whose idea was it to take car-pooling to the next level?
Did you hear they're going to start charging for the HOV elevator?
How did I get in the middle of this?
Now I know how they're able to keep revising the previous month's new job figures upwards.
And I thought the merger was a bit of a stretch.
Hansen would have wanted his memorial held on company property. And that steamroller definitely saved us on pallbearers.
You needn't mention the steamroller.
We've got a handle on this.
Well, you should have thought of the revolving doors when you came up with "briefcase-pooling", Bob.
We don't call it a threesome in front of clients.
The significant savings is in office space
Just because I'm middle management doesn't mean you can call me "Alice."
We may have to screw in a lightbulb as well.
"Remember when we thought hot-desking was tough".
Did you remember the iron?
Did you notice that tiny purse?
Don't turn around. She is still staring at us.
I'm beginning to have doubts about our budget file sharing system.
I hope the new "communal team" concept stops at the door to the washroom.
Are you two plotting to cut out the middleman? middlemen.
William and his partners finally squash the office rumors regarding the size of his caseload.
You're not lifting.
You knew going in Earl - the conventions broken by three suited masseurs would ruffle some feathers.
When they ask if we want to extend our presentation, we will be prepared.
Don't you think there is a better way to carry ladder?
You're on the wrong side of the case again, Arthur.
It's how we maintain a full disclosure at the office.
Big case, huh?
I had a feeling the new guy would be on the left...
I think we should go digital.
I don't think this is really what a "three way" is.
The next time, remember to buy a ream of 8x10.
Just follow our lead.
How many suits does it take to deliver a severance package?
Don't believe anyone who calls them legal briefs.
Really, you ask for a table dance in the elevator?
Isn't it your turn to be the middleman?
So, tomorrow am I driving?
Do you think we'll get desks near each other?
Yes,we are calling ourselves the dream team
It's the giant hot dog from that other caption contest.
The conjoined bovine triplets were as inseparable in death as they were in life.
Now that all agents must have tiny hands it takes three to carry the nuclear briefcase.
It may not be the briefest, but at least it gets the job done.
Did you bring the presentation?
I don't care how rich we made him. Winning an oversized novelty check doesn't give him the right to keep my pen.
I told you the suits were a bad idea
These pallbearers' conventions are my only chance to get away.
My grandmother had a lot of silverware sets.
A bicycle built for two made a lot more sense.
Not so surprising for three paralegals bitten by a radioactive cockroach.
I wonder if we're taking this collaborative workplace initiative too far?
Do you think we can get this guy through security?
I am sick of being just the middle man.
Ransomeware, really. Did you have wipe your macbook and print everything.
Did it ever occur to you that a "long brief" is an oxymoron?
Sorry, I called shotgun.
For a man with such small hands, he certainly has large briefs.
You weren't kidding about a heavy caseload.
Remember,we split the keyboard players tip.
We need to make a pit stop.
I can't believe I'm working for the NRA. I can't believe I'm about to meet a senator. Hey, what's in this briefcase anyway?
This shouldn't take very long.
I know Hillary said it takes a village, but using three of us to lug his cigars around is a little much.
The amount of clothes my wife needs for a two-day trip never ceases to amaze me.
Your also third in the presentation.
You think the prosecution is prepared for a lengthy case?
Mini hands make light work...
According to HR, I only have to carry the middle handle on Tuesdays.
Louie, you did bring the shells-- right?
I'm loving this new Long Vuitton briefcase.
These pallbearer conventions are the worst.
Do you have to be different in everything
The client insists on a gold-plated defense.
I hope to make First Handle in five years.
If anybody asks, we are not together.
Uh Greg... our offices are on different floors
We use this for office workers who die at their desk.
So you're SURE this is Eco-friendly?
We now have evidence that we fit the meaning of team players .
The sharing economy has officially gone too far.
I read they do this at Google
Be prepared. The middle man is about to leave.
I don't recall anything about a three-for-one deal in the corporate restructuring strategy.
If you stop looking at me like that, maybe she won’t realize it’s a corpse.
Wait a minute your not the other triplet!
I've always admired the boss for being a snake, but I never dreamed of being a pallbearer.
It's a vintage contra-bassoon, bitch.
We should trade this in for one with wheels - wha'da think?
From now on, I'm going to handle this case my way.
When we open the case do not yell Alluh Akbar!!
I can tell you’re not really lifting.
Weekend At Bernie Sanders'.
I'm the new guy, Paul Bearer.
Golf club suitcase. Genius.
"I think I'm getting too attached to this attache case".
It's not the size of the briefcase that matters . . . it's how many people it takes to carry it.
I think this job sharing thing has gotten out of hand.
This is one long case.
It's gonna be a long trial
Uber's gone too far this time
If I'm really innocent, why do I still feel in the middle of this case?
So the presentation was a bust. Why does the slide screen need an all-floors burial march?
I'm not sure about this new job sharing app.
If you don't get yourself in rhythm, Tom, we're going to have to find ourselves a coxswain.
In this case, we are not going to file a brief.
Keep acting inconspicuously and they'll never notice it is missing.
You'll never move up a handle with an attitude like that.
This really is a big Have you ever been put on a case this big before?
Whose side on you on?
If they ever ask what's in the case, it's closed.
As you'll learn, we're all about collaboration here.
Saimese lawyers
This way we can honestly say we have three lawyers handling the same case, thus more money for the firm.
Stop worrying, she's not focused on our small hands...
If this goes sideways on us you can’t just drop your corner like it wasn’t your idea too.
I don't care if you're right arm is an orthotic, you need to be on this side.
Yes, it was Tinker to Evers to Chance.
Yep, I'm the middle man.
When you're a lobbyist, you have to carry a lot of cash.
Guess I should mention that I forgot the combination lock to my portion of our briefcase.
I agreed to the carpool and the time-share vacation condo, but this is totally ridiculous!
This is their answer for #HitmenSoWhite?
Don't hate to be bearer of bad news?
I'm obviously the tiger, Brad, so you're either the cabbage or the goat.
I told her it was the gun legislation.
Not sure, but Mitchell thinks the smart money is on giant backgammon set.
Remember, now, we never disagree.
I hope this doesn't take too long.
I'm worried there's been talk of cutting out the middleman
I draw the line at the bathroom door.jg
Act normal.
This inquest will be a cinch now we're out of the elevator.
So I said, "Why do cases need to be *brief*? Why not a *long*case?"
I'm starting to think our life insurance pitch may be in bad taste.
So, what's the deal with your eyebrows?
We started out just sharing a cubicle.
You being the new guy, I think it only fair to inform you, that as soon as we turn into the office, a struggle for possession might ensue which could, and sometimes does, result in violence and I have a third degree brown belt in karate.
Assistant VP, deceased fluorescents. And you?
Those High-Occupancy-Briefcase-Only express elevators sure make the hassle worthwhile.
This is the company solution to force us to share a taxi.
Remind me again how this ping pong table is part of our strategy?
I have a feeling this case will be anything but brief.
I think we should get smart phones.
This new Android design is going to be huge.
I am warning you. If your apple rolls again, I will eat it.
I guess this is okay, but did we have to share that stall?
I love our carpool. I guess I just need more "me" time.
Alright! Tomorrow you can be up front!
A traditional coffin might look pretty, but this is so much lighter!
The firm does not look favorably on rebellious, nonconformity such as you're showing right now.
After we slam the briefcase on his desk ...
You're on the wrong side of the case.
I didn't know you were right-handed.
I think we're right to take the long view of company prospects.
This is no picnic...
Taking teamwork to a whole new level.
I've decided to take up the flute.
We should go for 'open carry.'
I'm in middle management. And you?
Well, it's certainly not a brief case...
This legal case is a real burden on us, isn't it?
And it triples our billable hours.
I really feel the synergy.
It's a really big account.
You know what they say about men with long briefcases----They have long dic-tations.
How the Mob disposes of Graft Paper.
Next year we file the short tax form.
Smart phone and massage bed is all I carry with me!!!!
Remember, they have no evidence of collusion whatsoever.
Don't bring a knife to a gunfight.
Remember, we take no questions until after the fat lady sings.
Can I take my work home alone?
When did I sign up to be a pallbearer for the corporate world!
This job-sharing policy has gone a bit too far.
Hey, do you think in the future briefcases will have four handles?
Why am I always middle suit?
This is the result of the emphasis placed on sharing in elementary school.
He definitely mentioned an elephant in the room?
It certainly is about time that they let us bring concealed stinger missile launchers to staff meetings.
Does either of you remember the combination to this thing?
Today is carrying the corporate briefcase. Tomorrow is climbing the corporate ladder. And Wednesday is the potato sack race.
Sorry for the long speech, but we don't do brief.
This Millenial ‘sharing’ thing has gone too far.
He was great before the promotion, but now he won'the even look me in the eye.
You've heard of carry all bags? This is an all-carry suitcase.
Of course the drummer is conservative.
I hate being conjoined at the toe.
I'm glad we all work on the same floor.
Right...right...right left right...
Is it me or do you feel like a pallbearer for this presentation?
Next we discuss collateral damage.
Mergers are not for everybody.
Who sets up Gumby when we get in there?
Should we really be calling this a 'brief'case?
Seriously? You really see me as a micromanager?
I'm not sure this is what they meant by 'spreadsheet.'
Do we really need to file this brief together?
Don't forget, you're the one steering this bad boy.
Just follow my lead, and will land this gig.
Actually, we never ask what's in it.
These I phones get bigger and bigger!
Okay, let's try to get a rhythm going otherwise we'll look suspicious.
This is working out way better than the bicycle.
Holy Scalia! Class action lawsuits are back!
So, for lunch—the five-foot hoagie, and we’ll sit on the sofa?
I can't shake the feeling that if we downsize, I'll be the first to go.
I know it's ridiculous, but the new boss loves teamwork
Threesome at my place?
Now remember, if anyone asks, our firm has been handling class action lawsuits for years.
A merger of equals? Not when the deal papers are delivered by a hearse.
Nuclear codes, no, this is the president's basketball bracket.
Act natural.
There really is an Uber for everything now.
I preferred it when we could just fire a guy.
Did you bring the key?
There is a mandatory debriefing session for all those handling this case.
If we can just get past the xylophone detector, we'll be home free.
After our collaborative meeting where should we go for our collaborative coffee?
We all need to be on the same side this meeting, Kevin.
You think the paperwork is bad.
yes Mark, I know it is a "big" presentation
I hope this doesn't mean I get the middle seat.
"If the case is brief, there's no relief." Johnny Cochran taught me that.
He told us he wanted to be buried just in case.
It started as a one page memo, then it went to Congress.
That's how we decided to go in the opposite direction of the paperless company.
Legal-sized paper is for wimps.
It's attache-d case.
Keep it together, man! Remember, we last saw Mr. Benning yesterday afternoon and he seemed fine.
You know, I think I'm getting a handle on middle management.
I was afraid he might get carried away.
I haven't really been lifting.
Berra, maybe.
He wants a long, drawn-out case.
This man bag will get us tons of chicks.
"When Paul retires, you can have my spot".
I picked the right side, Johnson. You're getting left behind.
It's as if we were attachéd at the hip.
We're prepared for a lengthy trial.
You're such a maverick.
He refuses to take sick days.
Don't worry-it is our second amendment right
If he reads the whole contract we are screwed!
Be patient. One day they'll write a book about 'the boys with the briefcase'.
A full weekend of Hamster Backgammon!
I heard rumors we're being replaced by Ming Zhu, Bao Ling and David Moskowitz.
Again!?!
At the last place I worked we just voted the CEO out.
The new "lengthy" case brings a team of suits closer together.
In Italy suite cases are in vogue
Next time we pay for the real Outward Bound team building adventure!
The only way I got the job was to say I could do the work of three people.
I wonder what other atrocities await us during New Accountant Initiation.
How long have you been working for the Department of Redundancy Department?
Token rightie
We used to play with Hendrix.
Some day I'll have my own bassoon.
Can I use the pen this time?
Will I ever get a chance to be first handle?
Hope this damn Human Centipede sequel contract gets signed today.
Who are we to deny Bill's final request?
Two's company, three's a crowd...so scram.
Perhaps, this can be a great optic to convey that our team approach didn't work.
I hope the bassoon wasn't a mistake.
I hope they don't eliminate the middle man."
Shared office space i can live with, but this is ridiculous
I don't know, but I've been TOLLLDDD...
Now we can triple-bill the client.
I got the Trump Special: extra-long roll, salami, provolone, lettuce, tomato and extra mayo. What do you got?
Must we take it so literally when a project is killed?
Don't touch my bag, please.
I just want him to know the report is from all of us.
I hate these team building exercises.
I hate team projects.
Our workload has literally gotten heavier.
This lawyer's brief is anything but.
Wait till you see the cubical!
I am not responsible for your being third in line..your responsibilty problem is responsible.
Remember, all for one, one for all.
Holding up your end is how you get to be a middle man.
Some days I feel like a pallbearer for my own career.
This team thing has go too far !
I heard I'm getting promoted to front handle soon.
Stop following me!
First day at pallbearer school?
The next time they ask if I'm a team player, I'm saying "No".
After we prop him up in his office chair, I'm out.
Mother says, "Stay together!"
There's nothing wrong with the size of his gloves.
Well she gave us a look...what's her problem?
No, I'm Larry, and you're Moe.
Polygamy case.
Because Mr. Trump has very, very, huuge, big plans
Sure bigger matters. But not in yoga mats.
I get the need for cost-cutting, but this is going a bit far.
This is so awesome. No one has any clue we're going golfing.
Just to be clear, the 'long form' was not my idea.
I thought legal pads were already too long.
It's the new IRS long form.
If you'd said something funnier, he could've sold the cartoon to " The Reader's Digest".
Her purse looks big enough for a human head. Creepy.
By the way, Moe, I paid extra for your handle.
It's our new approach. Outside casket salesmen.
Trust me - three man pool is the greatest game ever invented.
The new Office Supply Manager's name is Paul Bearer.
Spewell, Deutch and Rowland eschews brief cases.
I hate being the bearer of bad news.
I think we may have taken this partnership thing a little too far.
If you think the company's new team briefcase is bad, wait till you see the redesigned executive washroom.
If you think this is bad, wait until you see the new toilet seats.
Looks like another failed urinal presentation.
The consultants said it would promote teamwork!
You know, since his promotion he won'the even make eye contact with us.
Next time I'll get one with two handles.
Whose passport will we use at TSA?
Two's a company, but three's a crowdsource.
Who's bright idea was booking separate rooms?
This is an important pitch, Keller. Get a grip!
I'm an equal opportunity bagman.
Why can't Donald Trump carry his *own* penis?
Was it necessary to get an extra long keyboard?
HR is trying out a few new ideas around the shared work space concept.
I hate this corporate mergers ... where's our rugged individualism?
We can handle this case together.
I think the people upstairs are taking this Teamwork Initiative a little too far.
Welcome to the sharing economy.
Tomorrow you drive!
Does our briefcase make my ass look big?
Straighten your tie, Tommy. It's causing people to stare at us.
You can turn left, but Gus and I are right-wing Republicans.
I'm pushing it down.
After a while, you really get used to the job sharing program here.
You're the new adjunct attaché?
Snackular Degeration Diet subject line...No looking..
...what's more, you don't have to gate check a PowerPoint presentation.
It's a not-so-brief case.
This is a very big case
His last wishes were to be buried in paperwork.
The scuttlebutt is they're plans for his wall.
Taxis, revolving doors -- they're all bad for mergers.
Can't wait for this executive training to be over and we get our own briefcases.
Isn't job-sharing awesome?
I anticipate a real long session today. So I left my brief case at home.
These board meetings get any longer we're going to need more help.
Remember, bring out the Bazooka right after I say ' Are you ready to pay for the wall yet Mexico?'
'Don't worry. At the end of this meeting, there will only be two of us.'
Everyone's watching us carry this stupid box.
Bob...toe the line, you're on the left again.
One day you too could be middle briefcase.
Does it really take three of us to whack this guy?
I almost forgot today was Take Your Pallbearer To Work Day
I miss being a Pallbearer but prefer working indoors.
Two lefts don't make a right.
I know there is economy of scale, but this this is a nuisance on the bus.
Brief (?) case.
Remember when all you needed to carry was a violin case?
Anarchist
This is the most complete corporate merger I can ever remember.
Our work may get mixed up, but at least it can fit the entire hogie.
This is the big one. We all need to be on the same side.
I knew we'd have to go to the Cleveland meeting on a bicycle built for three.
We should have brought the briefcase.
With all this 'collaboration' I don't know how to get ahead anymore.
Your yogurt is leaking again.
I heard it's the new EZ form.
I wish you two would get off my case.
When I die, this is how I want to go out — buried in paperwork.
The design team didn't appreciate the danger posed by revolving doors until it was too late.
"Why on earth should a flat-pack casket be any creepier?
Here at Dooley, Daniels and Dunne, we take job-sharing very seriously.
If I were you I wouldn't expect any big vertical moves.
We need a roadie!
I tired of working on this "Flat Tax" proposal
So who gets to use the health insurance this month?
Just to warn you, our Board can be very literal.
We may have taken the "speak softly and carry a big stick," metaphor a bit too literally.
Why'd she have to unload all her baggage on us?" "I know. I never even met the girl.
I told him he was getting too thin.
Herb as the third black man it'll be your job to agree with everything Ron and I say.
Let's eliminate the middleman.
Have you read our annual report? 'Pallbearer' is an appropriate job title for us.
At the end of the day, you are either on our side or you're not.
Be a team player and change sides.
I'm booked full this afternoon. Hope it's a short eulogy.
Consultants need to make a really big first impression
What do you plan to tell security?
This is not the time share I was hoping for.
We better win this.
I'm a big idea man.
''I hope they're as impressed with our presentation as they're sure to be blown-away by our exclusive 3-grip presentation case...''
Next time, I call shotgun.
No, I do not want to get the nine foot sub sandwich again.
There's an element of teamwork required here, Jones.
I understand you've thought of a way to reduce our carrying cost.
Why do we always ask for treble damages?
Now don't forget. It's happy anniversary, not birthday.
Cleopatra should help us with this briefcase like she did when we fought Pompey.
This is my 3rd merger. How about you?
We should stick with the original pitch for our shared economy business idea. "Suitcasely" - for men in suites who work in the same office and are in the same meetings all day long.
Are you sure we shouldn't look inside before we bury this overly large briefcase in the desert?
Can we stop calling ourselves as the Human Centipede of tax law?
Forget it; you're no Rosa Parks!
2000 plus emails are really weighty! Do you think we can bury them without the FBI finding out?
We're all about teamwork, Johnson. Don't let us down.
I think we may be taking what we learned in that team building seminar too far.
We're taking this teamwork thing to the extremes...
Get off my case, Fred.
Up here in Winnipeg, we call it the "Hockey Stick" not "The Football"
What if only one of us gets the job
Just saying...they carried this team-building thing too far.
If his body was any bigger it wouldn't have fit in here.
Bob would have wanted it this way.
I had no idea I would be pallbearer to so many cases until after Justice Scalia passed.
For Chrissake, Ted -- stop whistling the theme song from The Godfather.
You're taking off on Friday? Who's filling in for you?
The hard part was folding him to fit inside.
OK, OK, I’m gonna get a thumb drive.
It's only problematic when checking in at airport security.
I'll keep my conversation brief, but I know with you that's not the case.
Mom said we should all start sleeping in separate bedrooms.
Here in Ottawa, we call it the "Hockey Stick" not the "Football".
Paperless society? NOT!
This is not a very brief case...
This collaborative overload isn't going to carry itself.
I really think Arthur Miller would appreciate our adaptation.
I never thought being a pallbearer would help me work my way up to middle management.
Time to file another class action lawsuit.
Over the years, I've perfected the illusion of sharing the load.
Next time, I get to push the elevator button.
These long form briefs are killing me.
But I really have to go!
You have to admit, this is a clever way to get government agencies to work together.
This is what he wanted.
All your presentations fall flat, Higgins.
This is last time I ask the partners for help with my caseload.
He wanted us to play at his rally, because apparently, we make his hands look big.
Baggage a trois again tonight?
Our Law Office has given Togetherness a whole new meaning
Going to open the meeting with your man walks into a "board" joke again, Phillips?
The court won't allow separate briefs.
As go the briefs, so go the cases.
Just wait until you see the restroom.
This convention of efficiency experts promises to be the best one yet.
Giving out happy endings again, Williams?
Must feel strange being the right-handed minority.
I thought a "happy ending" would really boost company morale.
i think management is taking department consolidation too far
Couldn't we have just written a check?
The first one who says "outside the box," we let him have it.
Aren't we supposed to bring actual boards to this meeting?
I thought I'd get in some ironing during the meeting.
Simple. Rifles.
I've learned that the middle man gets paid for doing nothing.
The board wants to bury this deal.
It's a partial list of next years African American Oscar nominees.
The coworking trend has gone too far
Are we going to have to wear matching suits every day?
And then the bartender asked us, 'Why the long case?'
I'm middle management.
I guess the boss really meant it when he said "All hands on deck."
Next week our secretaries carry in their ironing board
Louis Vuitton's latest
Let go on three. Ready?
Carpooling was a good idea, Karl. I'm not so sure about this one though...
The agency is big on portmanteau words.
Still beats those Conference Bike Meetings.
I don't think you're on the right side here, Smedley!
It's not a briefcase — it's a lengthy case.
New deal at the office, "Buy one get two free!"
Damn, it's also my day to take the middle urinal
On the plus side, more rules, more decrees.
It's six sigma, they modeled it after the carpool lane
It's great to have you on this case!
Just follow his lead and try to keep up.
Did you ever imagine being a pallbearer for an anorexic friend?
I'm sorry that class moved to Friday.
I knew we'd find a way to carry this case forward.
It's the way he would have wanted it ...
You're not pulling your weight around here.
Isn't it ironic that they're still called briefs?
As soon as no one's looking, we fill this baby with K-cups.
That chick was bangin'!
Get ready for a lengthy presentation.
These tandem briefcases sure make being an accountant fun!
Tragedy about the steamroller but Joe sure made it easy to be his pallbearer.
I really hope they see the big picture.
Don't tell anyone it's a folding table.
Personally, I would have shredded the documents, but they've already dug the hole.
Well, I guess I did write 'works well on teams.'
I'm heading to the restroom. You too?
Today we dine at Subway...
I'm finally getting the hang of this group briefing thing.
Next time, let's set the paper size to "Letter".
Did you remember the showgirl and the saw?
Why don't we just order out for a super hero sub like everyone else?
Is all the money suppose to be in this?
Mr. Simpson likes to keep all his files in one place.
Congratulations on making partner.
The rifle case lets them know that we mean business.
We're team players.
The Sharing Economists
Hey, thanks for filling in--Harvey got called away onto a much bigger case.
The thriefcase is the latest technological breakthrough to revolutionize our new sharing economy
Synergy sucks.
We need to present a unified front.
This is our 2 Man Carry, Presentation Case. We're with an Ad Agency
Get a grip..
His last wish was to be shredded.
Trust me, this is the latest European rage, it'll be bigger than the man-purse or the communal toilet!
Remember to kill the conference room lights right when I go into my solo.
The big brief case would've been completely ridiculous.
You're on the wrong side again Larry.
I like to call it a griefcase
This your first joint project here?
It's just, 'jumbo brief,' reminds me of George Carlin.
Don't you think about time for Flat Stanley to walk on his own two feet?
Three Surfboards in one carry-on. Good idea Mingo.
TSA won't like this.
Who said three hands are not better than one!
Think they were impressed by the length of our presentation?
Dumb-ass jury. It always worked for the Stooges.
I wish she would have released the emails before I joined the firm.
Such a long time since we had a brokered presentation.
It's your turn to have coffee.
I know you called 'shotgun' first. Just not in the elevator!
Do you think she suspects?" "Nah. And besides, no one really wanted Trump to become president anyway.
And they said the Xylophone Pro wouldn't have commercial applications!
Working in long-form journalism has its disadvantages.
Distributive justice necessitates a distributed briefcase.
So you're the one on the other side of this case.
I don't know why he can't the interns to shred his emails.
Have a good night's sleep last night? I happened to notice you tossing and turning a little.
going our way?
She can't handle the truth!
Before RPGs guys like us just had to carry around a violin case, not a glockenspiel case.
This is gonna be one hell of a divorce case!
The court is expecting briefs. Wait 'til they see our long-johns.
It's not brief, is it?
I'm all for sharing the litigation workload, but this.......
He always wanted his ashes scattered near the boardroom.
If you stay on the right side of the case we will look more bi-partisian
This isn't even our biggest case this week.
Thanks for helping me sneak in this guitar.
You think Trump will fit in here ?
It's no longer called a brief case .
I still have my doubts about this amicus briefcase.
I'm having difficulty getting used to the extent of our merger.
I guess I misunderstood the term "Case Managers."
You're right. He does fit.
He lived and died at the office, makes sense to bury him here, too.
I thought we discussed this already. Our next sick day is November 13, 2019.
Did you remember to pack the tripod and sniper rifle sight?
I don't mind having to sharing a cubicle but ....
I can't wait till they go digital.
The inflation here has made these graft checks a little cumbersome.
Yes, the case has been extended.
Miley's here.
I'm actually a big fan of this new job-sharing program.
I believe in teamwork, but this is carrying it a little too far.
Do you think we're taking the open-office plan too far?
Once again, because we need you for right turns.
I have an idea... Rather than sharing this lengthy case, we could each carry a brief case.
What did you expect? It is a limousine company, after all.
They did warn me it was going to be a long case.
Too bad we have to destroy the Empire State Building with this dirty bomb, because that last scene in 'Sleepless in Seattle still brings tears to my eyes.
They need three of us?
Not what I had in mind when I suggested job sharing.
I realize now that it's 'atta-che' and not 'atta-tre', but you kept referring to us as the 'triplomats'.
Should we share a cab?
I'm starting to rethink this briefcase pooling idea.
Where do you want to set up?
I just think the three piece briefcase is not going to catch on.
I think its time we took another look at affirmative action
I prefer 'confetti heaven' to 'the shredding place'.
It's not as if it's really heavy. It just makes management look like we work!
Do you think they believed our commitment to teamwork?
And most important of all, don't exit through the revolving doors!
It's MBT: "Management By Triage"
Remember: All for one and one for all.
Someday you'll be Handle One.
I'm glad we didn't choose the four-handle briefcase.
It feels wrong calling it a briefcase.
Do you think we're taking this car-pooling thing too far?
Why don't you give him the kiss of death?
This is not exactly what I meant when I said we should handle this together.
Coffee?
This company takes "collaboration" seriously.
What do you mean you want to cut out the middleman?
She's probably never seen one that long
I've never been a pallbearer for a bankruptcy before.
I think we have a pretty good handle on this case.
Relax ! It's a lot better than a body bag.
This is my first triple-murder-case.
Steve - before we go in there, you better decide which side of this deal you want to be on.
Remember the good old days when the Gun would fit in A violin case
Have you heard of PowerPoint?
It's time you both pull your own weights.
Sometimes I wonder about this new sharing economy.
Wiener dog jokes at a Dachshund murder scene are over the top
Why, oh, why do they call them briefs?
I think we are in for a long case.
We need to have a debriefing.
Just my luck I have to share a briefcase with a cyclops and a guy with yogurt-covered raisins for eyes.
It's so sad that he unincorporated.
I understand carpooling and sharing rooms, but this is absurd.
I hope the sub isn't too soggy from the mayo.
Plausible deniability isn't as big a deal as it used to be.
This job sharing is becoming confining.
Leading from behind, eh?
Hey,its my bag bub,if you want a bag go get your own.
She said we're over-compensating for the size of our hands.
Okay, when we get into the interview-- just remember, we're one person.
I get front on the way back.
We're attachéd at the hip.
If the sharks don't like our idea, we can super-size it for the Mafia.
Trust me, I get that look a lot.
We have the same briefcase.
If this presentation goes well, I'm moving to front handle.
Of course I'm needed. It's my case.
It's been a long case.
Ralph, why can't you side with us on this case?
They are not going to believe we are the masseurs.
Starting tomorrow, we go back to normal-sized files.
This is my fetish.
She may be a mom, a wife, a caregiver, a food provider, a teacher, a cleaner, and our coworker, but our job is far more important."
I'm guessing you're right handed.
I think we should each carry our own weight around here!
We'd take up less space if you used your left hand.
hey bro
I've got the blueprints in the case. I think they'll be impressed!
I'm getting this sinking feeling that it's not going to be a brief case...
It comes in handy when 48-inch subs go on sale.
Dude... I'm so sorry your keyboard died.
Enough with the middle man jokes already!
By the way, I won't see you guys next Monday. I'm taking the backpack.
Don't you love this not so briefcase?
Remember we call it an Uber briefcase and think it's perfect for a shared economy.
Are you sure Hank done it this way?
"Yell loudly and carry a big briefcase" - Donald Trump
I think she's impressed.
Is this Long Dong's briefs?
Yes, it's very similar to car-pooling.
We always work as a team here.
Who's side are you on, Lewis?
Sad that Donald was run over by a steam roller...
So much better than each of us carrying 3 briefcases...
The team-building activities lately are not working.
We're taking our work home with us. That means you.
He brought in his personal water board from home.
Try to be inconspicuous.
First time with a big case?
What did you think "three for the price of one" meant?
I get to go first next time
Still better than at the hip....
Lucky I didn't press twelve.
The boss certainly does a lot of weekend reading.
Well, I guess this is better than trust falls and ropes courses for team building.
I think this teamwork thing has run its course
They say it was the one Georgina Spelvin used in "The Devil in Mrs. Jones."
Don't worry, not even Marco can make fun of your hands here.
This is not the sort of job sharing I was expecting.
Matching pocket squares in teal would really draw some attention away from this three handle briefcase
She was totally checking out the 'threefcase'.
I never realized you were left handed.
Ha, you got the heavy end.
The mortician said I was crazy, but the carpool lane changes everything.
Shhh-- we chopped up the boss into teeny, tiny pieces.
This new trumpet is going to be a big blow off!
First the rent-a-car, now the briefcase....I'll tell you this much: we are checking into three separate hotels!
I'm just the middle man.
This case is anything but brief.
She's onto us.
So what's it like in the right hand world?
Why am I always in the middle of everything?
Twice the clothes and half the money.
It's the ten-foot pole he wouldn't touch the $15-minimum-wage issue with.
I can't believe we got Johnson to fit in this but, trust me, the 'businessman jumping out of a briefcase routine' is a crowd pleaser.
I heard that we have to share one office chair next.
Well, you have to admit Smith's working himself to the bone to get the vice-presidency Roberts wound up giving his son for finishing nursery school is it's no sweat being his pallbearer.
Handling a heavy caseload.
Remember now, no comments about his hands being white.
Sometimes teamwork takes up space.
Is this the three legged race for hands?
This is definitely not a brief case.
I'm pretty sure Men in Black III doesn't have three agents.
RyanAir.
Madam President requested a massage table and three suits, go figure.
How about, "I know that the boss said that we should team up on the next case, but this is really cramping my style with Joan"
So, how exactly does brief case-pooling help the environment again?
Here we bill by the foot.
Don't worry. This sharing economy is just a fad.
Is this supposed to have all the money?
"Briefs", my ass!
I believe this is the largest brief we've every filed.
Something wrong with your left hand Bob?
Get over here, people are starting to stare; this is London and they carry on the other side.
oye vey seymour, whose bright idea to schlep this trunk? next delivery, we hire a broad minded musical schlemiel to haul this contraband.
It's what we get for working in the antonym department.
No, this isn't the mile high club, and I have no desire to fly on your magic carpet.
OK, next time you can have Shotgun.
Our only fault was asking the boss to work on the same case...
Dibsonfrontwhenweleavetoday.
I used to have you job but now I'm the middleman.
My shrink said to lose the excess baggage.
It's all about sharing the workload.
It's what we like to call the magic of three, Bob.
I'm not sure about Dropbox getting into hardware either.
You two take the credit. I'm just the middleman.
This isn't about taking sides.
It's a new type of paper called Super-legal.
It's the original manuscript of Long Day's Journey Into Night
Just act natural.
How long 'till you think ol' Bartleby's gonna start to smell?
The public has never really been comfortable with the pallbearers-in-training program!
The IRS wants this Form 1040 by the 18th
You know, my mother always said I'd become an assassin.
You know, we were all supposed to get the same haircut too.
You know- maybe people wouldn't stare at us as much if we didn't dress like the bad guys in The Matrix..
This sharing society thing has gone too far!
Thanks for helping. I've just always wanted to try one of those big subs.
I should really be the first named partner at Schwartz Schwartz & Schwartz.
It demonstrates that we share the weight fairly.
I see the two of you have finally gotten a handle on what we do around here!
I think today's the day I get promoted to front handle.
Job sharing sounded more glamorous in the interview.
Being run over has its advantages.
Our paperless office program has a long way to go.
No, this is just the flip-chart easel. Who has the paper?
I give 3 to 1 odds we win the business.
These hard working men always have to carry this huge case which really has nothing in it!
You asked me to buy you that lottery ticket, but what about him?
It's a harp. This elevator stops at the heaven level.
Next time can't we just mail a check to the Superpac?
Triple indemnity riders.
I specifically told both of you not to wear the same suits for the second meeting.
I know it's not full of cash, but she doesn't.
From longships to long-tables, when does this end?
We might have a difficult time getting this to pass as a carry-on.
Now that Mr. Trump is president, it takes 3 of us to carry the nuclear football.
We can't let her go without her trombone.
Ready for another long meeting?
I think you're coming with us.
White in front, colored behind!
Five dollar footlong.
Once the overture begins, you'll have to take turns sitting on my lap.
No one needs to know we are working together.
We can't let the voters know.
I wish we were drawn with bigger hands.
And you didn't actually understand me when I told you to table the decision, did you?
It's just great to feel a part of something.
You're just not middle management material.
I bet they didn't think a white guy could play the koto.
...then the bartender asks, 'Why the long case?
Stop it! No will notice three dudes in suits with a three handle suitcase!
Now are you convinced Trump is a liar? 'Small hands, big package.'
I don't know about you but I have a really good feeling about that interview Jeff.
Boy, if she only knew we are "Super Glued" to these handles!
These stand-up comedian funerals are easier on the back.
I'm feeling it too. This is the new power brief case!
Just be grateful they removed the handcuffs.
You mean I now have to remember THREE passwords that change every 3 months?
I think we are taking this car pooling thing a little too far.
Do you guys think we've been carpooling too long?
I don't care if we are triplets! I want my own briefcase!
What you looking at?
I'm telling you, there's something strange about this guy and his suitcase. Did you hear rustling coming from it?" "I've learned not to ask questions...
There is no Y in TEAMWORK.
I told you guys it was a big case
Like I said, George, the firm's management committee is looking for new ways to promote collegiality and teamwork. Now, could you swing out to the left.
Why are we carrying left-handed and you're not? Could it be your religion?
i dont think theyll know its a body
Nice Jim.... Wasn't me Frank
Try to keep up.
Well, it's not exactly a brief case.
How come I alway get the heavy part?
Mine's the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Corporate thinks our jobs are redundant.
What do you say we leave this one here in purgatory?
Remember, if we get sexually harassed today, it's my turn.
Pool cues. What's your line?
- I told ya! You don’t need to merge briefcases when merging companies!
All the cool girls are going to be in absolute awe of our xylophone concerto !
At least we can take the HOV elevator now.
Hilary asked for her longform birth certificate - you know, just in case.
You know, that doesn't compensate for your small hands.
Nothing brief about this case.
First it was three to a cubicle
When they said we had a big case to handle, I didn't it was an eight string sitar.
I understood when one person needed to do the work of three, but I don't get this new strategy.
This must be the longest report they've ever put together.
A word of advice Evans, you don't want to do anything here that makes you stand out.
When transporting the Craby Patty Formula.
That went well, don't we think?
You don't really have to do this.
This is what comes from exaggerating.
Why do you always get to handle the light weight, Jerry?
How well did you know this brief?
OK, already, I won't call it a briefcase again!
I think you've moved too far to the left.
This new job sharing policy is great.
It's not just me, right? This briefcase is crazy long, no?
Your first three-way?
This isn't what I had in mind when they said that we're merging companies.
Ok, so you're black, and you're right handed. Is there something else I should know about you?
The executive bobsled case always wins us gold.
Something tells me this trial may be a rather lengthy affair.
No, this doesn't mean we'll be sharing briefs later.
It's good to see that the company is finally diversifying.
All for one and one for all.
Mr. Trump said something about needing it for his huge briefs.
This doesn't work correctly when you're on the opposite side, Brian!
Call Priebus and tell him "the eagle has landed"
When I look in the mirror...I see a reflection of someone else's face.
Threesomes are all the rage now.
It's sort of an eco thing, uses the whole alligator
How do you think Ned's doing?
How else would you compensate for these small hands, Smith?
It's a case, but it's not a brief case.
My wife wasn't happy when I told her we were job sharing again this weekend.
How else would we deliver a giant check?
Bullet proof pant suits, that's all I can say.
Maybe we should've told her that we just share a briefcase...
If these smart phones get any bigger, I swear I'm giving 'em up.
Remember, fellas. This is EVERYBODY'S lunch.
I always wanted to be in the Secret Service, but I never dreamed I be on the presidential ironing detail.
I hate corporate's new paper size policy
There's nothing brief about it
Don't you think these days equal partnership is taken to seriously?
I think they're taking this teamwork thing too far.
Wait, you work on the second floor?
It's a good thing Fenton has a left arm.
Frankly, we feel that you're not pulling your own weight.
I hope they don't cut out the middle man.
You guys know this is MY saxophone, right?
Does she realize this is all of her paperwork?
I think we should have left it at car pooling.
She said, 'Wake me up when the hairdresser arrives.'
No wonder everyone is sad the stock market crash and we are having another great depression.
Now remember, the last guy left with his hand on the briefcase gets the corner office, but he has to share the private bathroom with the other two guys.
Next time, maybe don't be so quick to volunteer for the big case.
Please stop calling me Lucky Pierre.
The boss wants everything in triplicate!
Whose idea was it to have pallbearers for dead projects?
I still miss the bobsled.
This way, each brief generates three times as many billable hours.
First day working at a pallbearer's office?
I need to get out of middle management.
You;ll get your own briefcase when you get your own key to the men's room.
Time for a 'Diplomatic Selfie'!
Yeah, I do all my presentations in Cinerama.
Bet you didn't think carrying around a keyboard in suits can make you popular with the ladies.
Let me know if you find the snow blower.
It'll be days before they realize George is missing.
What did she mean when she said we remind her of Donald Trump?
I'm getting really sick of this redistribution of wealth...
Keep your hands off my business.
Maybe it makes our hands look small, but it definitely makes our briefs look better.
Good think we carpool.
"Next time, we should think about the practical implications of a merger".
I told you it wouldn't stop at carpooling...
This is the only threesome us charted accoutants will ever get.
Yes, but you're using your right hand.
All through law school I dreamed about my first Big Case.
To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of this "sharing economy" initiative that the boss has been promoting.
Look again: The nose of the large head is the chin of the small head.
You'll only be able to see files I'm sharing with him
What do you mean you forgot your combination number?!
I definitely prefer acquisitions to mergers.
Shouldn't legal briefs be brief?
I never thought I'd be auditioning to be a pallbearer.
Never, never wanna see what's in the box!
Fred gets Mondays and Wednesdays, you get Tuesdays and Thursdays, and I get the weekends...
We're here to massage the big Boss' ego
You gotta wonder who has the time to read these long briefs.
He said put the money in the suitcase so we had to have it custom made
Don't worry..It's not like the time we brought the inflatable T-Rex to the meeting.
Now we know why they bought that new printer. It prints eleven by infinity.
Wait until the jury gets a look at these Mormon briefs.
It was HIS request to be buried in a brief case.
This isn't what I had in mind when you said it was a long document.
83 years since “The Boss” was so meticulous with a contract..then again, this is Mr. Trump’s 9th with us.
It's Trump's briefs.
She wouldn't stop staring! You think it was my new cuff links?
I'll debrief you two later.
I think Larry is taking our equal partnership agreement a little too far.
Can I get the caboose next time, Jacobs?
Whatever happened to being brief?
How will we know when briefcasepooling has gone viral?
On the ride down lets play Salsa.
When is this "shared economy" going to end?
The boss wanted it on illegal size paper.
Remind me to demand the other side pays for copying costs.
I think I just figured out why it was on sale...
When the client asks for the 10,000 foot view, we provide the 10,000 foot view.
Next time, learn to play the flute!
This won't be brief.
We should have stopped at ride-sharing.
I'm thinking 'Uber Attache' is a bridge too far.
Personally, I think doing everything in triplicate is a waste.
You have the left's perspective on some big issues.
Do you think the results of the Republican candidates’ penis size really needs this much security?
Taking collaborative work home sucks!
This goes right along with our new "open concept" office design.
The boss is really serious about his pool sticks!
Don't worry. By your part of the pitch they'll be long past comatose.
You think she noticed my new tie?
Small price to pay for the iPhone 14.
It's the new teamwork model for lawyers........
I hope your briefs aren't touching mine....
These corporate bribes are really getting out of hand.
I always deliver my tax return in person.
Let take it to the CFO he knows where all the bodies are buried.
Try less shady.
The evidence in this case is overwhelming.
This sharing economy has gone too far.
The super PAC says it's the only way to save the party.
If anyone asks, you packed your own suitcase.
Who knew the sharing economy would go this far?
What do you suppose the boss wants with this organization chart?
Play your cards right kid and this handle could be yours in a few years.
Fortunately, the prosecution didn't have much of a case.
It's heavier than it looks...
I beginning to have doubts.
What ? Got a problem with middle management ??
You're in the back because of seniority.
Believe me, it's tough hailing a cab.
You see value in middlemen, right?
Are you sure Joe wanted to be buried like this?
And why would three people be needed to carry a trombone?
It means we're top brass.
I guarantee there's no problem.
You left-leaning Liberals give me a pain.
Done right we can achieve a bloodless, hostile takeover!
Tuesdays and Thursdays I get to use my left hand.
Ever hear of the long arm of the law?
I'm sorry, but our ad specified that we are looking for a highbrow right hand man.
I admire your positive thinking Alex, but "NO NO NO" does not mean "maybe."
That presentation killed!
Thanks for giving me a hand, fellas - I've wanted a ping pong table in my office since I was a junior associate.
The boss wants us to try out manager a trois, but I think it feels too much like three on a satchel. I've done that. It didn't end well.
That elevator was packed.
My bad. "I'm a team player", I said.
If your playing Wagner, the contrabassoon player typically needs an extra set of lungs.
First we had to share a cubicle.
Let's not take this diversity stuff too far, Jenkins.
We're bringing the sharing economy to the workplace.
So remember on the count of three....
Ralphie are you sure he wants this for a ping pong table
Boss likes his bonus in small, unmarked bills.
A closely-guarded iPhone 7 Plus prototype.
No strings attached!
I'm the one who does all the heavy lifting!!
This briefcase exchange is going to be much harder than we initially thought
I think it should end with car-pooling.
It's either this or we're joined at the hip, and frankly, cowhide is more cost-effective.
You're new here aren't you?
If they are looking for a bigger idea, we're going to need to use the service elevator.
remember you're the token leftist.
why are you being so distant?
It took me three years to get the middle handle.
At this rate, the project for next month will be that big that we won't be able to enter in the elevator
It's actually just three kids dressed as one large briefcase.
Just wait until you see the executive washroom.
I also hate the long hours.
The boss will be impressed with our new meaning of "teamwork".
Beta testing the iPhone 8
Leibowitz is losing his grip on this case.
We use it as a battering ram to break down barriers to white men.
I'm not saying I wouldn't vote for Romney. I just want him to decide before we have to bring up another damn binder.
I guess you're here for the pall bearers convention?
Well that idea went over like a lead bassoon.
First, they made us share an office. Later, they made us share a cubicle. Now, this is just RIDICULOUS!
Don't forget- we don't yell Happy Birthday until she jumps out.
Next time we go for the short-board account.
First time using Uber?
This your first really big case?
These filibuster statements are killers.
How come I always get the torso and you get the feet?
Let's keep this brief.
Which side of this case are you on?
What a shame. He was only forty-five.
I got shotgun after the presentation.
He was a musician.
Yes, you go wide at corners.
So what do you think of the sharing economy?
Judge Richards prefers briefs on 8" by 50" papyrus.
Spray tan?
And the Devil makes three.
I'm tired of being the middleman.
I told the judge it wouldn't take long and there was only one page of women's signatures, claiming sexual abuse.
Thanks for the help, fellas. My wife is going to love these really long earrings.
What will Airbnb think of next?
Briefcase-Pooling
Gotta jam with my band right after the hearing.
This time you do the massage.
Man, these power lunches are getting longer, and longer and longer.
So THAT'S where he got the hotdog for last month's caption contest!
We're all handling the case!
I hear lots of Americans are working longer.
I hope the concerto for three left hands and a right hand goes well.
Do you think anyone suspects?
Really...how many guys does it take to carry his "Make America Great Again" caps?
The case load's the same but now we can triple bill.
We had to use a road roller to fit him in the box.
This performance is for the Trilateral Commission.
His gloves aren't small.
A long briefcase is an oxymoron. Yeah, yeah, heard it a million times.
Nice prosthetic... new?
It now takes three of us to carry Mr. Trump’s ego.
These mergers are so awkward!
The ad said 3 assistants needed for company's attaché
So... how long have you played team billiards?
I've never been comfortable with the way we get rid of nosy interns.
I heard they fired Ron for not carrying his weight.
You're right-handed, kid. No way you could ever be #2.
Your first day and you're already sharing a big case with the partners.
Like they've never seen a briefcase before!
YOU KNOW "YOU PEOPLE" ARE SUPOSED TO CARY THES THEMSELVES !
The Donald brief's are in here. They're huge, if you know what I mean.
Welcome aboard! The company says all of this promotes teamwork, but revolving doors are still a real hot button issue with HR.
Corporate downsizing has really made us closer.
In my previous briefcase pool the other guys never pulled their weight.
its like we practiced....1,2,3....1,2,3
We're drifting right again. Smedley's not much of a team player, is he?
This is the longest case we've had in ages....
You're not holding up your end.
It's a bobsled.
2 can be as bad as 1, it's the loneliest number since...Capitalism, right guys?
What else are you going to do with a dead business model?
This way we're always cc'd.
The prosecution isn't expecting a long, drawn out case.
What's all this talk about cutting out the middle man?
An MBA is useful, but rowing team experience is essential.
How would you claim a tax loss carry-forward?
What did you expect from a joint venture in a surfboard company?
I'm starting to think the sharing economy has gone too far.
Don't you hate spread sheets.
Everyone just play it cool and we can sneak this surf board down to the beach after our 1 o'clock with finance.
Think they'll suspect collusion?
Hey stop complaining. I NEVER get the window or the aisle seat.
Even split three ways, this is a very big case.
Gung-ho
We really killed it on that pitch. I just wish we didn't have to carry the body out with us.
I've always said, 'legal brief' is an oxymoron.
Legal briefs keep getting longer.
D.T. put me in the middle for a reason, Endie.
I think the report stretches the truth a bit much myself. We were one small fib away from not fitting in the elevator.
Because I'm a middle child.
Now, we'll see who REALLY got the job!
This thing is perfect for our "board" meeting"
You look different on the other side of the briefcase. I almost didn't recognize you.
Do you mind?
No one needs to know the President is travelling to Lanikai Beach again.
What it lacks in convenience it makes up for in really long subway sandwiches.
Your eyeball is sticking out.
"Just going for it" won't get us through the revolving doors.
You really took the think outside the box suggestion to heart, huh?
You guys aren't planing to eliminate the middleman are you?
You would think the body of the banana republican party will be heavier than this.
The prosecutor is anything but brief.
I love you guys.
Do you think they'll suspect anything?
He lost Florida to Trump and goes home to rest.
This is a long held secret.
These investors are going to love our idea for extra-long legal paper.
The client prefers everything in triplicate.
Well , we need a case this size . It's a Trumpet .
Now remember, don't say too much...this is supposed to be a brief case
I know, right? It's a new OSHA reg when moving a tripod.
Our new manager used to teach pre-school.
Good news, I hear Ben Carson is taking surgery appointments again.
I don't care what the boss says, this Three Man Briefcase is a ridiculous idea!!!
"Trump insists we carry and extra large attache, so we can guarentee we have enough testosteron for all the Republican debates.
Trust me, it's harder to leave it on the subway this way.
I'm into 3 ways, but only briefly.
Mine is the taffeta.
I still wish we could afford an editor.
How many lawyers does it take to file a brief?
Remember, act like we're not ready to buy!
Pallbearer practice for the funeral of the inventor of the briefcase.
Personally, I think he's overcompensating for something.
Trust me. They do this at Google.
This is gonna be a long meeting.
You can present first.
El Chapo is a genius.
They won't suspect us, we're not Muslims!
I know The Donald said it's just a prop he wants for tonight's debate, but I really think it's an anti-establishment rocket launcher.
I guess we should have expected this in today's sharing economy.
Is this really synergy?
Wait till you see what their doing to our cubicles.
I call it a stretch.
You handle it well.
What's your problem? The boss said he wanted a big alligator case, so we got one, capeesh?
The board of directors demanded we stop bringing them the short report.
It's going to the dead letter file.
I hate being a pallbearer for dead deals.
I told you, elevator pitches are hard.
Must you always order the giant burrito?
The lawyers made us do it.
No matter how many samples they take, it still comes back with more Prozac than Cymbalta.
Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to merge our companies.
I'm glad we packed our lunches.
Two words: tertium quid.
This is not what I meant when I suggested we have a three-way!
It's the biggest case I've handled.
This is a joint venture.
I'm worried. The judge made it clear he opposes long cases.
Taking this merger business a bit to far, don't you think?
This is our last bathroom break before lunch!
When he said we'd be sharing cases, I did not take it literally.
Silently, Fred feared this might be an indicator of their hotel accommodations.
I think they've taken the whole "team building" thing too far this time.
I always thought you were also left handed
I hope the trombone concerto sealed the deal
Okay, next week is your turn to be the middleman.
Middle management is harder than it looks.
Car pooling is fine but how 'bout some one else getting the hump for awhile.
Thanks for helping with my verbose case.
No political statement necessary
Welcome to the Bobsled account.
You are only a fraternal twin, so get your own briefcase.
Trust me, this proposal is D.O.A.
When I become President of this company, we'll have a display table that rolls on wheels.
Next time tell him we'd rather not pay in small bills.
I worry the witness's deposition might be too long?
Did you check out the blonde?
This meeting calls for the verbosecase.
Our 'unified team approach' sucks in elevators.
you are on the wrong side again!
Well this is awkward
He lost a lot of weight.
Sometimes I get the feeling that I'm really not contributing to the task at hand.
I expected more from a "Partnership"
Isn't she our neighbor. I wonder what she's up to ?
we worked at my house last week, ever since we started working from home it seems like its always my week.
Something just never look as luxurious as a stretch limousine when it’s lengthened.
You do realize i have not been helping you guys carry this thing since i'm in the middle
There's nothing brief about this case.
I've never sold limousines before.
It's for Donald Trump's penis. It's yuuuuuuge.
I thought you had the combination.
Remember this is a hostile takeover. If there Board of Directors resits, we take out our weapons and shoot them!
Nothing brief about this.
I told them we had a big idea for a new keyboard.
The new 'bring your own table' to the conference room concept is catching on!
I'd say we've tripled our productivity.
We let go on three
They call it a profusecase.
Don't worry, our presentation is too big to fail.
Thank God Ben Carson's back!
Papa Vito says it's violins.
I heard the next move is to make us share a single Netflix queue.
Why do I always have to be in the middle?
Are you sure this is what they meant by 'meeting with the brass?'
This laps-top is designed to encourage teamwork.
Let's keep this case civil, Ricardo.
You're absolutely certain he said bedspread and not spreadsheet?
These ten year plans are a real back breaker.
Well that was the longest divorce we’ve ever settled.
I wouldn't really say this case is brief, exactly.
Next week we go after Yanni's keyboard.
People keep pushing and pushing the sexual envelop.
Didn't the prosecuting attorney say that three of us should handle the case?
One of these days, someone is bound to figure out we are playing croquet on the roof during lunch break.
Always the middleman.
Well that was the longest divorce case we’ve ever settled.
Remind me: Are we three ad guys with storyboards, or three hit men with machine guns?
This time, remember to swing wide on the turns!
Negotiations will be short once they see it's written in stone.
Next time, I get to ride in the suitcase.
This car pooling thing is getting out of hand.
I thought breaking into smaller work groups would be less cumbersome.
Mr. Trump has especially large briefs...
Just between you and me, I’m not completely sure a suitcase full of old bricks is the Next Big Thing.
This case is likely to stretch on.
This is exactly what they meant by work share.
I'm not sure I like the not-so brief case.
We're playing the St. Valentine's Massacre tonight.
Actually, I did hope I'd get a job transporting ventriloquists' dummies when I grew up.
Do you think she could smell what's in the briefcase?
I thought I was taking the lead on this case.
I don't even work on this floor.
Looks like we all have a good handle on the case.
Which way to the Mortuary?
This ought to be the full body of evidence.
Let's try rolling the scroll next time.
We all share the same baggage
It didn't work for the Romans either.
You take the kill shot, we'll handle the collateral damage.
It's a good thing Jim got his stomach stapled a couple years ago.
We sure got a good deal on this anaconda skin brief case.
On the count of three, we switch hands and directions, ready one, ...two
I can't believe I have to bring dad to work today." "Well, it is convenient. This way you don't have to pay an agency to watch his body before the funeral tonight.
Mergers...
You need to carry your weight.
I told you it wouldn't stop at sharing an office.
Act like you're just a decoy.
We need to show them we're on the same page.
In this case size matter's.
Slytherin, of course. Hufflepuff, I presume?
How did your interview go?
He's my mentor, just like you're my mentee.
Pallbearer's United, Local 6
I thought that went well except for the "casket of the future" crack.
What do you want to bet its not the bonuses?
Don't you dare leave us holding the bag!
The Three-F-Case team in mild hysteria after another incredibly decent pitch.
When the boss said he had a big case for us, I thought he was talking legal.
Company's making some major cuts.
Suitcase: A Journey.
Because nobody wants to be left holding it.
Chauncey, let's not have any of that 'thinking outside the box' crap during today's presentation shall we.
That's an extremely slow elevator.
Today's seminar will be about the limitations of the sharing economy.
The Three Lawyers are going to be BIG!
Anorexia
I gotta tell you...Slicing up the body was a great idea.
I still think printing the document on multiple pages makes more sense.
When we bring in the "Big Guns" everybody's always surprised they're in a big case.
Remember back in the 80s when they told us that computers would result in a paperless society?
Gatekeepers never challenge our intent.
It's rumored to be the longest tapeworm ever removed from a human being.
If you ask me, these commuter challenges are getting out of hand.
You should see the case we use to carry the boss' ego.
I see this as the first step in my career path to become a professional pall bearer.
You know Ted, three on a briefcase is bad luck.
He groaned at the CEO's jokes.
Do you think Project Amistad will be the ending soon?
Be alert. There's a revolving door up ahead.
The Smith sextuplets had to take the stairs
How are 3 of us going to play this guitar
I've heard of putting up a "united front, " but this is ridiculous.
I'm really glad we could go into business together.
I don't think security has a profile for you in this configuration.
How do we get through the revolving door again?
The Boss Said Stick Together And Handle It.
Sharing files was easier at my last job.
I had to let Fred go when I was "right-sized" to a five octave.
You think you can't smell now?
So this is the guy from the February 22 cartoon. Wonder what happens to us after this week.
We're taking advantage of the "carried interest" loophole.
No, no, no! That's MY exit strategy!
It's brief, but not that brief.
I don't think Donald is holding up his end.
... and that, my friend, is what you do when they face the wrong direction!
I prefer middle handle on the tandem briefcase.
Why am I always in the middle?
We graduated from Trump University.
The Academy is pushing for more diversity...
We're in it for the long haul.
It is a triple murder we're defending.
Did anyone notice he's missing?
How are you liking the left side? I was thinking of switching.
This is how you bring a briefcase to a gunfight.
So, we're going with three pool cues, yeah?
This firm is different — we find three men to do the work of one.
Sharing a salary is where I draw the line.
We're taking this 'consensus' thing a bit too far, don't you think?
Wait a minute! Weren't we supposed to leave him at the cemetery before coming back for the after-party?
This bonding program has gone too far;
The judge keeps extending the case!
There's a landfill behind the office where we can bury this idea.
One more mistake and you're off the case.
I love our union too.....
I assure you I can do this without you Price Waterhouse guys.
Selling electronic keyboards is the best, right?
They said it was a three man job
This is even better than car pooling.
"It's how he would have wanted ".
First time pallbearing for roadkill?
Don't blame me. I'm just the middleman.
Have you seen our printer yet?
Mr. Claus asks that we check it a third time.
Could you try to keep your Hi Ho's in time!
Don't look at me--I voted for the trust falls.
Trust me, Johnson: once they tri, then they buy.
I didn't realize that airport security would be such an issue, either.
I suppose this has as good a chance as any of distracting from the leg shackles.
This new technology could make smartphones obsolete!
You can do the middle bit next time.
Its a big case, that's why we need three lawyers on it!
Yes, I know. But my accountant likes the long form.
The modern mafia no loner uses Tommy guns and violin cases. We've found shoulder launched missiles to be much more persuasive.
So far no one has asked.
Steve, if you aren't going to carry your weight then you need to just let go and let us do our job. Steve, I'm your drinking buddy. Let's do this.
The rivalry began when pen manufacturers watched the Republican Presidential debates.
It Is a pair of gloves. Trump insisted on this box.
Isn't it funny how heavy this is?
We need a briefer case!
Who says laptops have to keep getting smaller?
At least the boss can't fire us now.
She said it was the longest one she's ever seen.
I mean, I know they want us to be more collaborative, but this is ridiculous.
I don't care if he fires me, next time he can clean his own damn giraffe.
I know it's a long shot but................................
When the boss said we were the perfect lawyers to handle a long case, I thought he meant a trial!
It's a long shot deal.
This corporate team-building thing has gone way too far.
Remember "Carlito's Way"?
Your office or mine?
Remember if the police walk by, act natural.
We forgot the lunch box again.
Did you see the memo on sorority racism?
I hate presenting to mortuaries.
Yeah, full of layoff notices, but one handle is fake so that none of us can know for sure who delivered them to HR.
Small hands? Let's just say this is what I need to carry my gloves.
The prosecution keeps saying we're all connected by this case.
The Boss said we had a "loser nuclear football"
Caption Suggestion. No Caption. It tells a story without words.
Look, it took Jenkins here, thirty years to get to the front of the bus.
Small hands? Large briefcase.
At the end, no one expected so much weight loss from Mrs. Reagan.
You're outta line, Mister.
Thanks for helping us this far, we can get it from here. It's just some of those little yellow statuette things, nothing special. Have fun watching the show.
It's good training for later.
There's got to be a better way to do 'no-iron' pants.
You don't seem to be on our side.
Well boys, if these company plans somehow come up lost, at least I'll have someone to point the finger at. Hee, hee, hee.
Next time we don't use Amazing Enzo the Escapist as our getaway guy.
Don't you think we've carried this "Do you know we are triplets ," thing far enough?
This time, I'll be Larry, he'll be Moe, and you can be Curly.
What happens if he gets fired?
It's the opposite of brief.
From where I stand you look like a leftist.
This all-in-one technology is getting a bit out of hand
I hear it contains an alternate ending to "the sopranos"
Not now - I'm in the middle of a big case.
We find that this works much better than the buddy system.
Just use "joint" in the presentation.
Don't look at me, i'm just the middleman.
It's a union job.
I hate you, and I hate the sharing economy.
I wish I could see the look on his face when he can't find the body.
I hear their trying to eliminate the middle man
i'm really tired of holding up your end
You're drawing needless attention to yourself.
I told you that near the end, he lost a lot of weight.
Carry-on can be a problem
Nothing about this case is brief.
I forgot something.
If I go down, you guys are coming with me.
I'm used to being in the middle. I was a middle child.
The judge said it would be a long case.
I heard lay off notices were today.
Why do they always send us righties?
You should have seen the size of his hands...
Let's just hope they also don’t know what a Bassoon Trio really is.
I doubt we'll ever be asked to be pallbearers again.
"Its a left handed case, George!'
Why does he always get the first handle...
This was the briefest case they had.
Again, when I told Mr. Simpkins we would take the case, I had no idea.
Stop looking so conspicuous.
Later we're handling the Johnson vs. Fisher case.
I thought they'd like the Trinitarian symbolism.
Next time, you get the middle handle.
I always wondered what was meant by the "sharing economy".
He was wrong about being carried out of here in a pine box
Remember. We can't look like pool hustlers.
Clearly, Anderson, you don't have the right stuff.
It's a union requirement…
Wait until you see the new urinals.
At first I was skeptical, but I'm starting to really like briefcase pooling with you guys..
Thanks for helping me with my new tablet.
Henry had answered the odd job ad. Henry got the job. Henry's first day as Suitcase Carrier Helper.
Microsoft Word upgraded their 'merge documents' tool.
I carry you two.
We have the edge. The contrabassoon will totally throw them off.
Geez! Clemenza didn't need a machine gun case this big.
And how, exactly, do you plan to shake hands with the client from that side?
...and when you feel ready to also be a little more flexible in your attitude, you're welcome to come back and join our group again.
I found another briefcase pool that fits my schedule better. It's nothing personal.
Who gets the lunch?
Welcome to Three's Company.
Look, it's not a bad bargain, but you don't have to hold your end up so high.
I can't believe THIS is what they came up with for the 21st century casket.
Made more sense when we sold skis.
This 'sharing economy' thing is getting ridiculous.
..and after our first year with the firm, we will each get our own briefcase.
Don’t complain, Stan — these new maximus amicus briefs fetch us $200 more per hour to print and file.
Boss said marketing and sales had to work in tandem on this one, that's why.
I think we're telegraphing the 2-1 decision of the Court of Appeals, Judge Argle-Bargle.
We really got a handle on this case don't you think.
Just be glad he was so thin
Now that we're no longer conjoined, can we get separate briefcases?
I still think we would have less conspicuous carrying pistols in shoulder holsters.
I guess this can't be considered a 'briefcase' technically.
Yes, there is no I in team but there is in briefcase and I want my own.
Remember when we used to get our OWN briefcases?
why the long file?
So where do we bury him?
We're in kind of a legal gray area here.
You said your right arm was stronger didn't you?
I KNOW it's your first day, but try to keep up.
He wanted to be buried in a suitcase.
This new sharing economy is not going the way I expected.
Remember, this is my lunch.
With this expanded brief, I think we're a shoe in.
Office sharing taken to the next level.
Look important and nobody will know that we are delivering a 3 foot sub to the boss.
You tell him to start carrying his weight!
Yes, mobile massage therapist is quite a change of direction, but ironically the whole hit-man thing was stressing me out.
Due to the size of the dearly departed the funeral home only needed three pall bearers.
You call it a football?
I told you this is the perfect way to steal an ironing board from a hotel.
You wanna be on the right side of this case.
First your hair, now you're a rightie?
Remember, we shake hands at the same time too.
I think the merger is going well.
If your hand starts to hurt, I'll switch sides with you.
xylophone...why do you ask?
Well ... we do the job of one.
These are the contracts for our NBA clients.
What could I say? He insists that he can dazzle the shareholders with how well he can play 'Stairway to Heaven' on his electric guitar
Mr. Trump likes to keep his comb close at hand.
Looks like we're all working on the same case.
Throughout the entire service I kept wondering how they got him into a briefcase
This IS a heavy work load.
I still say we should not have brought the long form!
This time we pass by the men's room before the handcuffs, ok?
There's collaboration, and then there's codependence.
The law firm of Dewey, Cheatem & Howe.
And please, this time don't say, " This product lets you cut out the middle-man" during our sale's pitch.
I understand you name is Trey.
I've never been to a briefcase's funeral before.
Your 'brief ' is heavier than I thought.
Guys, I know we are three men doing one job, but I think we could at least bring separate briefcases to work.
This is my first snake charmers convention.
Hard to believe that I first resisted this idea.
It's nice that they print the nuclear launch codes in large print for President Sanders, but it does make things more difficult for us.
This is one of his lengthier briefs.
Just my luck: I always get the middle handle.
This is the second smallest wedding I've every catered.
Stay close.
We do have tiny hands, but our briefs are large.
This time, gentlemen, we got the whole enchilada.
Hopefully they won't smell the dead body
He wasn't joking when he said the case was loaded.
Of course we’ll have to change the name to Dewey, Cheatem, Howe & Rappaport.
I trust the pen is in here this time.
I WAS HAPPY TO JOIN THE RIDE SHARE PROGRAM, BUT THIS...
We'll need a fourth partition once Jimmy signs the new lease.
Red dot special
I told you the one volume encyclopedia was a dumb idea.
I guess I'm not quite sold on this Briefcase-B-N-B idea.
Are you sure there is enough in here to get Kanye out of debt?
$349 is a bargain for a 4 foot hoagie when they throw in the executive carry-out option.
I think they will ask us to drop the case.
They said this would be brief.
How could she tell we're the Olympic bobsled team?
We're entrusted with the priceless baseball gloves of Tinker to Evers to Chance.
I hope three on an attache isn't bad luck.
I wish they would stop talking about team spirit.
Did I tell you we're going on vacation next week?
So you're the right-hand man.
Asking for raises altogether was unwise.
So let me get this straight...the last one still holding on by the end of the week get's the window office?
What's the opposite of "merger"?
People will talk about this merger for decades.
It's called a "brief-casket."
A team that carries a briefcase together, works well together.
Yeah I know Eames got hit by a bus but the company response is a bit extreme I think.
Thanks. It's called 'a not-at-all-briefcase.'
Why couldn't we just use PowerPoint for this meeting?
This is the first time I've been a pallbearer for expired paperwork.
Glad to see we're all on the same page.
Back before the revolution we had roadies, we could choose our costumes and hair-dos, and heavy metal didn't mean a steel guitar case.
There are only two muskets in here. You still have to complete your training.
Larry did you forget to poke holes?
Let's see what she does if we drop this and run.
Like we could ever forget you were winning coxswain at the Head of the Charles?
A connected world is a better world. Right?
Is it just this, Wally, or the whole idea of Matrix Management that irks you?
Don't you think we're taking this whole carpool business just a bit to far?
I usually open carry but I can't find my keys.
This is how we smuggle putters into our office.
Do you think it's getting enough air?
Who but Trump would order 'designer' concrete samples? But I guess since someone else is paying for the wall….why not?
Don't you just love team-building activities?
No, that's not the reason your in the back.
Finally, we've all gotten a handle on this case!
We need to table this!
Well, at least he's a burden we longer have to shoulder.
Don't let her get under your skin.
It's my first board presentation.
'This BRIEFfcase is an oxymoron?' Gee, never heard that one before.
Sure, we can leave him holding the bag. But my conscience will trouble me for a long long time.
I still think this looks more suspicious.
it's a very long suitcase for my very long dildos
No, not to the gravesite. They're cremating the old man's Stratocaster, too.
For the record, I hate our new business cards.
We think you're taking "attaché" too literally.
What happens when one of use needs to use the restroom?
Do you think she's unattached?
Just try to blend in.
"Stop looking at me! I keep tell you, this is not odd!
I had a feeling this proposal wouldn't survive the day.
I think we're taking this shared economy too far.
I 'm tired of team building.
It's the yardstick to end all yardsticks.
In this case, I really think the execs would've forgiven Bill's absence.
I told you - keep in brief and to the point - but noooo.
Do I know you?
This is why we call it "a Board Meeting."
Frankly, gentlemen, the prosecution is always tremendously intimidated by the size of my legal pads.
I love being your kid to work day.
Everyone wants to get rid of the middle man.
Sure it's cost effective, but brief case sharing is extreme.
What's the expected repair date for that paper cutter?
It is no an indication of physical weakness; we believe in 'shared responsibility'.....
Bob, I think we should cut out the middle man.
Shared work spaces may be cutting edge, but shared briefcases are just ridiculous.
This merger has gone too far.
"I see you have chosen to oppose us on this case".
We were in a band together. How did you know him?
I'm not sure this is what Corporate meant by consolidating departments.
I don't think this is how file sharing works.
Did you remember to bring the ammo?
This is a big presentation
The truth is, 1/3 the pay is still a lot...
You're not going to like the executive washroom either.
How'd you get picked to be the Pallbearer? I won the New Yorker Caption Contest. Crazy Prize.
I forgot to cut air holes.
This is ridiculous! Just because we live on the same street and carpool.....
This thing is like a nicotine patch for my pall bearing addiction.
You're sure they said actual boiler plate.
We're in this together, right?
Why do you always get the lighter end?
Just remember, you're only the Third Attaché!
Job sharing won't be a good sell, let's go with XP - Extreme presenting.
Donald's toupees have never been better protected.
Does everything have to be "why's the brown guy at the back?"
You're sure this doesn't look suspicious?
Are you cheating on your wife with the paralegal tonight or am I? I know Fred was last night.
What? You never heard of file sharing?
'Nice briefcase', she says... Pfft, NOTHING about this case is brief...
Expect this briefing to run long.
You know what, I'm glad we brought the case and I don't care that "scarves for giraffes" isn't a commercially viable prospect.
We are THREE... mild and crazy guys!
We know you're not doing the heavy lifting around here.
They didn't have to kill our proposal
Of course you matter. Look, Johnson will walk first into the next lift, and then you can have the front of the briefcase.
We have a big case to present.
She stared because you're on the wrong side.
This may be the biggest presentation of my career....
So that's it? The boss took early retirement?
I just meant I thought you must be from Britain - or a lefty.
Just once can't you side with me on a case?
This is the biggest case in our firm's history.
I think we all have a handle on this now.
This has to be the only opera with three offstage bassoons.
What's that saying again? Three connected briefcases are better than one.
It's the "not so brief" case.
Tuesday is red tie day, Bob.
Find whoever filed the Kerouac suit, then fire the bastard.
Why do you think they call it "the 'Xenophone' ?
Do you think she suspects anything?
Some women find three ventriloquists, and one dummy, quite refreshing.
I always wondered why they're usually kept so brief.
For me, the jury is still out on the new three per cubicle policy.
I miss the days when our briefcase was short and succinct.
When the boss said to bury the project, I didn't realize he meant literally.
I should revise the "advanced teamwork skills" on my resumé.
Maybe 'teamwork makes the dream work', but taking that cab ride here would have been a lot easier on my own.
Yes, you're correct, it was less expensive than three individual brief cases. But I'm not convinced of its practicality.
This was so worth the private elevator.
We're admen, Richards. We present ideas to the client, then load them in the hearse.
Get off my case.
I'm tired of chasing "Flat Stanley" around the world.
Flat Stanley has been to more countries than Hillary clinton
His wife wanted it this way. She said to keep the embellishments on the coffin as brief as possible.
Don't you feel the synergy?
No, you're actually the embodiment of a third wheel.
Is this the first time you've worked the Academy Awards?
We are working the same case.
I am not really comfortable with a sharing economy.
Quit complaining! You sat shotgun in the carpool!
What we lack in brevity, we make up in team spirit.
I don't know anyone who likes these new legal size documents.
Maybe 'Three Suits and a Guitar' isn't catchy enough.
We need to work on our yaw control.
This is actually the work of six.
So apparently we all "work well with others"?
Why do you think we were called into this redundancy meeting?
Here, polarizing views result in the get-along briefcase.
Can you help me unwind?
It's gonna be a long meeting.
I'm also going to need your help in the men's room.
Has it occurred to you that I'm always in the middle?
It looks like I'm helping right? That's the trick to being a middle man.
I didn't think this was what the boss meant by "merger"
Told the TSA guy it was just rope for the three legged race, he just waved me through.
Would you please get on the other side. You're attracting attention and embarrassing us.
Is this your first luggage company merger?
I'm okay with ride-sharing, but this is going too far.
We're really taking this merger seriously, huh?
The End, Flat Stanley. The. End.
At least we didn't share a bed.
I played bass for 'The Who'.
Jerry, if you're going to complain, you shouldn't have opted for the '33 cents on the dollar' downsizing package.
There's talk of merger.
So this was the vise president's idea of collaboration!
I told you the boss had big plans for us.
You said I could be Don Draper this time.
Are you feeling the Bern?
Siamese businessmen, joined by the esprit de corpse.
Did you notice? Bill wasn't pedaling at company speed this morning.
Lawyers live matter
I think our presentation may be a bit long.
No Bob, they’re not taking the team bond exercise seriously enough.
I'm the middleman.
Wish I could put her in the box too.
Clear your calendar. We are literally involved with a long case.
I'm just saying, I can see why the 'brief'case is more popular.
We'll claim it as one carry-on.
His last request was to be alphabetically archived.
Don't worry it's not going to move t
They always said Johnson would die in his office, but to bury him this way seems extreme.
I represent the Stooges.
It's time to massage the results.
Yes Bentley, that was a long brief.
Did anyone see you?
Keep in step, will you, please?
Before I was in Cream, I had to carry it myself.
When we head upstream, you'll have to do all the steering.
They're so big, it's a shame to call them briefs.
Don't you just love being a lobbyist for the funeral business?
What can I say? This 'sharing economy' thing has really taken off.
I wonder if I'll always be stuck in middle management.
"Brief" case my ass.
They're not gonna bury Nancy if I can help it.
Let's keep this among ourselves
I wish they'd finally do away with the extra long form.
Well, we did agree to triple job-share.
They can't outsource this overseas.
The key to a successful robbery is to act normal.
We handel all our cases this way.
You can carry this without me, can't you?
If anyone asks, just say it's a long story.
Manager a trois?
Try to look sad.
Well, our body of evidence is authentic.
If you get tired, we can change sides.
Look to the bright side: We get to use the security HOV lane!
First no office walls, then bring-your-own coffee, now this.
Not so bad being a pall-bearer for an anorexic.
If we stare at each other, maybe no one will notice.
Longest brief I ever wrote.
Went well except for that subway turnstile.
I heard they’re adding 2 more guys to the Fail Safe Team.
Remember, we're all taking equal credit
I hate meetings where they tell us to bring our own stretcher.
I hate it when they call us 'the troika'
Corporate downsizing meetings give me the willies.
You may have Tom fooled but you and I both know you're not carrying your weight.
Ahem...we're a left-wing organization!
I ordered it from "Briefcases by Bernie."
Sure, it's a big guitar, but it is worth it.
Had you known the corporate debt long?
I have to go to the bathroom.
This provision of the merger is OK. The wives' clause I'm not so sure about.
I'm a little worried about the revolving door in the lobby.
If we act like it's a big idea, the client believes it's a big idea.
Wait. If you're here... who's in the briefcase?
I wonder how she guessed that we all work together?
We're all going to be left holding the bag
In retrospect, I don't think I fully understood what "making partner" entailed.
Vertical integration is dead. Horizontal, however...
It's a really long-term deal.
It's the new triple secure delivery.
Yes. Literally, steamrolled. (ED:Please italicize "Literally"-can't do on my computer)
Does this mean we have equal shares?
Yes, size does matter.
Miles, Dave and Sanjay prefer low-tech project collaboration, after deciding teaming software is just too impersonal.
I need to stop by my office first.
There's nothing brief about it, Phil.
Who suggested we have a giant hoagie for lunch?
I'm in line for the lead handle.
We have long legal briefs.
Do you think we're taking this commute sharing thing a bit too far?
I've decided that I won't be making any more SkyMall purchases with you.
How likely is it that they'll let us put this overhead carrier in the overhead carrier?
Just as safe as Hillary's server
Do you think she suspects the boss is in the case?
I hate group projects.
I don't think it's sufficiently brief.
Poor Higgins. Packaging was his world.
Tell him these nuclear codes are getting ridiculous.
I should have told her I have a big package.
The telecommuting ban has been taken way too far
Remember Jim, we need you, try not to fly off the handle again!
If you ask me, streamlining has really gotten out of control.
Go down and park the stretch limo - we got this covered.
If we are going to briefcase pool together maybe we should also carpool together?
This is on you Otto! I'm telling you to bring her too. If this gimmick doesn't sell steaks in his chain, I know he'll want to put the Big Haired Lady out front again!
I get the carpooling, but remind me how this is better for the environment again?
What happens when one of us has to go to the bathroom?
Why do women all react that way when I tell them we are professional pall bearers?
Is it heavy? I'm just faking it.
Don't blame me for deal falling through... I'm just the middleman.
Heavy requires commitment, not poseurs ,
It IS Louis Vuitton; they’re designing by committee now.
Wait till you see the file cabinets.
Funny, I thought he was asking if we could carry a tune.
Who are you working for?
Wanna bet they try to cut out the middleman?
People think it's easy transporting Trump's hair care products.
I don't think we thought this mobile office thing through.
Well this case sure isn’t brief…
Yes, I am the middle man and I say we should have gone one floor up.
I don't recall "heavy-lifting" being included in the job description.
The case is closed
Stop calling "Shotgun!" before we get to the car!
Who knew that "teamwork" meant sharing a briefcase?
Sorry, Fella, but you guys seem way too one-dimensional to pull off this job.
What does she even do here?
What if one of us resigns?
Just wait till you see the "teamwork toilets."
The courthouse is a good place for us legal pad salesmen!
You guys are always on the wrong side of things.
Your first time filing a 1040 long form?
Where are the other 3 guys?
They really took the company merger seriously, huh?
Luigi, why do you always have to be right!!
It’s the only discreet way for hauling party-sized hoagies.
I get the whole three-in-a-box leadership model, but this is too much.
I hope you put your name on your lunch.
Isn't there an app for file sharing?
Of course I'm worried. People always want to cut out the middleman.
Remember at the corners you and Johnson walk clockwise.
This teamwork initiative is getting out of hand.
One tiny complaint about the handcuff, and now they don't trust me?
We're representing is a real snake.
This case is not-so-brief.
This is how we at Phillip, Bustyr and Blather do briefs, my boy.
Poll Bearers
How many businessmen does it take to open a briefcase?
I hate being in the middle, I hate that we all dress alike, and I hate that you’re always on the other side. Other than that I think we make a great team.
EVER WONDER WHAT THEY ARE PAYING US FOR?
It's bad enough we have to share an office, but do we have to share everything?
Remember, speak softly.
Say what you will about the merger Bill, it is expected to promote synergy.
it's nice that we all work on the same floor.
We should have filed the short form.
She could have given one of us her number.
This presentation may look like a stretch.
I told you to play the flute.
I understand that the NRA is having success in lobbying Congress to allow the carrying of illegal weapons.
Why is she looking at us in such a strange way?
The client insists on teamwork
.... I told you we would share this big case with you and I meant it...."
The corporate ladder was kept under lock and key.
Here at Casual Male XL’s corporate office, the lawyers use plus-size briefs.
Donald Trump, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz holding Immigration laws with Hillary in the back.
Have you ever been to a mortician's board meeting?
Risk management take the rule of 3 very seriously.
It's better than sharing a paycheck.
Do you think this deposition might be too long?
Briefing papers
The big bass trio arrives for their evening gig.
Now that we've started job sharing, how about we share those sandwiches too?
I've gotta pee.
Whose turn to take it home?
Most people don't realize it's congenital.
Okay, you can have the middle position on the way out.
"Paperwork consolidation," my ass.
Smith, you are going to have to start pulling your own weight.
This takes brotherhood to a whole new level.
I sense some distrust in these merger negotiations.
The Johnson brief is anything but.
We need to start making these legal briefs a little, uh... briefer.
The irony of calling this a 'brief' is getting out of hand.
Is it me? Or were those guys acting kind of Neanderthal?
It's from the Diversity Compliance toolbox.
Clarinet trio
We shoulda cut him up and got rid of him piecemeal.
I really appreciated your support in there.
We need somebody more flat-chested than her.
A brief is supposed to be as the name implies, Brad.
I'm wonder what our hotel room is going to be like? Weird business trip.
When it comes to cartoon captions truncated ones are the best.
Do you think the humans noticed our briefcase was a bit off?
Did you see that strange lady on the elevator?
You're right, the elevator is faster.
I'm not sure this job-sharing program is going to work out.
Gosh, Mark Cuban is an a$$hole.
Sharing is caring.
Get a grip, will you?!
When we get inside, let me do a third of the talking.
I'm getting really tired of all the synergy initiatives
I really hope no one feels an irresistible urge to tell a light bulb joke.
If they make any references to small hands, we unpack the big one.
Look, time was we used to bring violin cases to business with Trump. Is it any wonder, given the election, we bring a slide trombone case now?
When the boss said he wanted three of us on the case I didn’t think this is what he had in mind.
You get a lot of stares when you're a pool cue salesman.
This is our best joint presentation yet.
Perchance, did you prepare the slides on redundancy?
He losdt a lot of weight towards the end.
Brief 3 Company
We said three-briefing, Myles, not de-briefing.
Did you see that look on her face after I told her we work for ACME sex toys?
This company has the weirdest team-building exercise for new hires, don't you think?
Inefficient? It used to take 6 men to move Pallbearer Bonds.
Do you think she noticed how big our briefcase is?
We best all stay at the same hotel.
Do you always have to be on the opposing side of everything?
You had to be the one to saw the girl in half, you had to be the big shot on this one. Now what are you going to tell her mother, and don't ask about super glue again.
I was sure it was good things come in threes.
that hit went well
This is why I prefer to print just the executive summary.
This High Occupancy Briefcase elevator is a great idea.
Don't you realize how strange you look when you walk on that side?
It took only one lawyer and was called a "briefcase"
It's our "Show & Tell" demonstration. Not surprising that White House staff have not seen a bazooka up close and personal.
She wouldn't have laughed if she knew that the Managing Partner told us to "bring in a new big case."
Separate, yes; but equal
Remember when bassoonists carried their own instruments?
What's up for the weekend?
Run over. By a steam roller. Easiest pallbearer gig I've ever had.
We need a smaller laptop
This job sharing has gone too far!
I've always wanted to be a pallbearer.
She was totally checking me out.
Tandem briefcases are all the rage in Milan.
Les Paul bearers.
Bus. What bus?
Our clients like us since we never dropped a case.
Try not to be too obvious.
I miss the old days when we carried bodies in a duffel bag.
Thanks for the help. You have to watch that auto correct. There's a big difference between attaché and attach.
The Academy really expanded the number of nominees this year
A team effort! It's a team effort. That's all I friggin hear.
This is not a trio sonata!
No case too big
Being a lobbyist for the funeral home industry isn't as much fun as I thought it would be.
You were right, this is the easiest way to remove an interloper from a Trump rally.
Of course it takes three of us: we all have small hands.
Whoever called this a brief case never had to carry it.
Feels like a corporate version of a chain gang.
Why do we need a xylophone for the business meeting again?
Don't you think this teamwork thing is getting out of hand?
Our last partner never held up his end.
Stop worrying. It'll be hours before blood is found in his office.
If we are caught claim you don't know me.
So how did you know Slim?
I said Three on a Match not Three on a Latch
Apparently it's a bad idea to bring a list of Americans killed by guns to a Ted Cruz rally
Do you really need the middleman?
We're kinda playing fast and loose with the word "brief."
You are right. This does make me feel more important.
Why do I always get stuck in the middle of these long cases?
That's none of your business, snake. I mean Blake.
If we're going to handle this case properly, we all need to be on the same side!
I think it is going to be a long drawn out case
So were are the dream team, is that it?
I feel like we all have a handle on this case.
Are you sure this is your bag?
Point of questionable return.
A shared data plan takes a little getting used to....
Who knew file sharing could be this much fun?
When will our hands hit puberty?
The three of us are needed to handle this case.
When I told him we'd carry the legal burden together he thought I was being literal.
Big smiles, big smiles guys, or this briefcase made for a threesome will never catch on
He's always very nervous before presentations.
You can try to fit this thing by your feet at the meeting.
This won't fit under the seat.
You've always chosen the wrong side, Albertson.
When the boss said "Make the staff meeting entertaining", I don't think he meant bring a xylophone.
Are you sure this is a "concealed carry" state?
File sharing
I still say this is a funny way to take our client with us.
Bring your xylophone to work day
They can't downsize us, we know where the bodies are buried.
'Things get dicey in the bathroom.'
Did you hear that?
Even the best lawsuits must end.
No one ever gets fired here.
What did she mean by, "eliminate the middle man?"
I thought you had the key for this thing.
Just walk in backwards. It's easier, believe me.
Fine next time you can have shotgun
And they all said that a three-company merger wouldn't work
Usually a man has his own briefcase but, they have one big brief are for the three guys
I don't care what Shark Tank thinks -- I say America IS ready for a lifesized Trump cookie.
I said to bring everything just in case... NOT in just ONE case!
I know the boss wants synergy, but come on...
Mr. Spence said Ralph would never return to work.
This is the casket for the guy in last weeks cartoon.
For the last time, this is not a briefcase.
This collaborative workspace, team building crap has finally gone too far.
The CEO urged the shareholders to carry-on.
What are you looking at? You've never seen a man with a briefcase?
Sometimes the most unexpected people tend to help you in rare occasions.
It was a committee decision.
Like they've never seen a professional pall bearer before.
Is this your first big case?
I didn't used to to think that "long form" literally meant long form.
Thanks for the help, it's a really big case.
One day, perhaps in a year or two, you may walk on this side.
I think we brought everything but the kitchen sink
I'm glad the judge granted our extension.
It's a Supreme Court brief.
Congrats, guys. We are now too big to fail.
I don't know about you, having three guys carry a trunk out of a government building, I'm getting out before Trump gets here.
Team building sucks.
Yet we gonna to croak one by one.
Could you please stop horsing around Milton and get on the right side. You're missing the whole point of the team building exercise.
There's a giraffe in there. Don't ask.
Which gun did you bring this time??
This is heavy like Kim's nude selfie.
I think we carried it off well
No way Hubley's team is as matrixed-in as we are.
It's been a very long case.
Hands off unless you have a license to carry.
I told you we should have gone with plan B.
Good thing we got off the elevator together.
Think he knows how to steer this thing?
Yes, the carpooling made sense, but we're now carrying it too far....
I thought I was just going to share the office!!
No, YOU have to tell the boss her dog ran in front of a steamroller.
They don't pay me enough to transport mummified bodies.
Look. Some briefs are long. Don't worry about it.
Remember, stress team work.
This time we whack the Big Guy.
Why do people stare when you take the handle at the back?
They just call it a "brief".
I'm ready for the training wheels to come off.
This is the longest presentation we've ever done.
I thought you said this was a BRIEF case.
I hope our suitcase doesn't get us in trouble like it did last time." "I'm worried we'll get that mad secret-agent room again." "Guys, we're here. Let's open the door..." "ITS THE SECRET AGENT ROOM!
He's always late for the meetings.
I still say 3 brief cases would have been better than 1 lengthy case.
Dude, relax. I'm sure no one thinks this is a body..
Timeshare gone too far.
No, you can't be in front. It's a Trump rally.
For a T-Rex, it's awfully light.
I was a middle child
Snitch
Act nonchalant.
I designed it to carry spreadsheets.
I thought this was what he meant by a 3D presentation.
Evidently getting run over by a steamroller requires only three pallbearers.
Saul over at Rossford Inc. tells me his company is just beginning THEIR merger.
Two Lefts Don't Make a Right...but Three Do
Yes, it is a big large for a briefcase, but it's where Trump keeps his other set of hands.
If you were a team player you'd have my back right now.
Just do what I do.
There's no turning back now.
We're in this together.
My idea is better than yours.
Separate attaches just didn't make sense.
I put in two years with the third handle.
It sucks we have to share.
A new bromance has formed.
Our religious liberty brief is on a stone tablet.
We need a smaller briefcase.
It's suppose to "amplify" our "ecosystem".
Because extra-legal activity requires extra-legal size paper.
Is this what they mean by diseconomies of scale?
This isn't too noticeable right?
Elevators good. Revolving doors bad.
If we weren't interns, we'd wouldn't have to share a desk.
Light as a feather, it's great to be the middleman!
He wants his enemies to know he arrived by stretch limo.
Luau box.
you guys can hold the neck and belly but let me do the fingering.
You mock our corporate teambuilding exercise by walking on the wrong side.
I think they have taken the teamwork concept too far.
You'll be my pallbearers when I'm terminated.
I think we've discovered the limits of the car pooling concept
I dated a black girl once and if it were up to me you wouldn't be standing in the back.
She is police! God Bless America!!
If they hire one of us, they have to hire all of us.
Which way to the roof?
Do you remember the procedure for when I need to switch hands?
Do you think I could fit a giant hot dog in here?
They are cumbersome, but billable hours have tripled.
Do you really think they'll like what we brought?
I think the "team player" idea has gone too far!
We need to take our case to a higher court.
Can you remind me if this is a billiard or snooker tournament?
Our briefs keep getting longer and longer
The auditor wants to see my long form.
I really hope this is the last of the long forms.
I can assure you, this will not be brief.
If anyone should ask, it's an extra large violin.
Now all we need is a 3 seat tandem bike!
Someone should have told me about the Boss's Inner Punster before I insisted that we all be put on the same case.
Count D. know you're moonlighting, day-shift dude?
I hate group work.
I guess we can't keep calling this a 'BRIEF' case.
You farted in the elevator, didn't you?
It's all about collaboration now, Fletcher.
I am 100% sure that what we are doing matches the term "sharing revenue".
If anyone asks we won it in Vegas playing craps
Our business and yours recently had a merger, I guess you're stuck with me.
Are we all going to the same meeting?
Everyone has their own story.
I just told them flat out 'no!' to sharing a secretary.
I can't wait until we can stop using the long forms.
These three guys need to hold one suitcase because of their ridiculously small hands.
I think the long and short of it is that we lost the case!
No, this isn't the nuclear football. This briefcase is for the presidential steaks.
This is the latest in tablets - designed by advertisers.
Now if we can just get out of the lobby we're snowboarding by lunchtime.
Which part of being a team player did you not understand?
I didn't want to be the only one with a man purse, but this isn't what I had in mind.
You should see my business cards.
Is this the new 2016 suitcase they made?I wonder what it will look like in 2026.
I"m so relieved we're TSA Three-Check?
Of course Stanley would have wanted it business as usual.
Somehow, I don't think UberBriefcase is going to catch on.
I'm all for flexible working, but this job sharing arrangement is just becoming ridiculous.
The law firm is very excited. This is the biggest case we have ever had.
do you know whats in here?
You know what they say about small hands... a big package.
It's light if we carry it all together,right?
I think management is taking this team work thing a little too far.
Gentlemen, do you think we may be taking that joint defense agreement just a little too literally?
it was easier to handle during previous administrations, but now it's YUGE.
This triplet thing is getting to me.
No one said I'd be apprenticing as a hit man
Will it fit in the overhead compartment?
As long as we're outside the suitcase, I figure we must be doing something right.
This is not what I had in mind when they said "Bring Your Own Board" meeting.
I'm sick of the sharing economy.
We'll never win the synchronized briefcase carrying contest this way .
I really thought I was going to get the lead on this case.
This is the longest brief the boss ever gave us.
Did anybody remember the Post-its for the wife?
Just remember that his wife's name is Susan.
You never see my side of it, do you?
Just be thankful we don't make pool tables.
Well, I guess the project really IS dead.
You don't see our side of the case, do you?
You think anyone noticed the huge luggage so far.
It's a crucial part of our Secret Service training, Jones. If you're to be trusted to carry the 'football,' you must first learn to carry the football field.
It's a solid value.
What do you think about this new IRS Long Form?
Act like it's heavy when we see Susan
I told you stupid ideas work.
Thanks for helping carry my lengthycase.
Well, this case won't be brief.
We are sitting ducks with three rifles in one case. Budget cuts!
My writing style is effective.
What's today's strategy, Three Musketeers or Three Stooges?
It's a three piece suitcase.
Will your wife notice it's missing?
Great job maneuvering the elevator. Next challenge, the men's room.
The frankincense makes we three required.
Can't be too rich either
OK, the first thing you need to know is that Ted was a leftie.
I don't think esprit de corpse was what they had in mind.
Today's brief is a little longer than usual.
Somebody should tell her the express elevator is for briefcase-poolers only.
Let's hope third time's the charm.
It's like Uber for briefcases.
Are you sure they won't miss him at our next meeting?
It is a rule, you smelt it you dealt it.
I think I'm going to invest in my own suitcase from now on instead of share one with the both of you.
It's a bassoon.
Quit your gripin'--plenty of musicians would jump at the chance to be second trombone and third handle.
Remember, you tell'em we bring gold, frankincense and myrhh -- I'll take care of the life insurance policy.
When we get to the spiral staircase, I call back.
Never realised that working for a funeral directors staff are so helpful.
This isn’t what I had in mind when I signed up for job sharing.
Why am I carrying it? Well, I'm Italian and I don't play the keyboard
Let me do the talking, ok?
Are you sure the invitation said to bring your own table?
It's the new corporate plan for standardizing sleeve buttons.
This merger is a real pain in the...
I take it this is your first three-way?
Just wait till you try the job sharing toilet
If this doesn't go well which one of us will be responsible?
So is this what they mean about a "team effort"?
How many of her emails did you say you printed out?
We take our votes on where to go for lunch very seriously.
Yes, we are the three-prong approach people.
So uh how many kids you got?
I know we carpool - but this is a little to far.
...and for tomorrow's executive training I'll be showing you proper coffee break etiquette.
Are you from the steering committee?
Why can't I dream about flying, or something fun?
This is what we get for encouraging the boss to attend that "Sharing the Load" seminar.
Don't take what she said personally. We have small hands too.
It evolved after carpooling.
I go in the middle because I'm more senior than you.
"Long arm of the law" my foot!
I am in step with the times, brother.
You know, I think ping-pong is starting to make a difference at the firm.
I hope they like snakes.
A failed attempt at "briefcase-pooling"
but we have separate rooms
My handle is redundant, isn't it?
What did Ben Franklin say about three keeping a secret?
It may be long, but it still identifies as brief.
Longboard Squad, out.
This is really taking team building to another level.
We do everything in longhand.
He was on the zero-carb/fasting diet
I know it's the Flat Earth Society, but why use a 3D model?
Security only spot-checks, so just act natural.
"Do you think they will think we are "TEAM PLAYERS" now?
I'm going to grab a coffee. I'll meet you at our chair.
I think too much emphasis is put on "works well with others."
I'm a nervous wreck, all I hear is talk of them cutting out the middleman.
There's no 'I' in 'Team,' Tim.
Let me do the talking...we don't want to appear weird if we all talked at once
First the open office, then the shared desks . . . now this?
This new contract will be great for the company, despite the boss's new found love of Jack Kerouac.
Ted, we're a team. Get on this side.
At the interview, remind them that we also carpool
Be very alert on the left turns
Remember: Let's be brief.
I'm just happy we're not sharing a brain.
Remember when cases were brief?
This time, let me do the reveal. You and Frank try and act surprised.
This is just her carry-on.
This is not what I meant by file sharing.
Okay, it's not obvious, we've got the body so keep rolling
I still have problems with the common bedroom.
And I thought car pooling was inconvenient.
I hate being the middleman.
I'm glad we finally got a case for the corporate ladder
Nuclear codes??? No, these are Hillary's classified emails she sent from her Vic 20 and her Commodore 64.
Thanks, but I'd rather you guys share the actual workload.
For the NSA briefs we use extralegal paper.
There are rumors of everyone getting their own when the market rebounds.
You know the judge is going to throw this case out.
This'll be the LAST time she asks us to keep it brief.
I get the whole open floor plan, no cubicle thing, but sharing a briefcase is taking it a bit too far!
I dread the day they get rid of the middle man.
It's a menage-a-brief.
They said to bring a body of evidence.
Tell Mr Trump his prosthesis body part has arrived.
If nothing else we're now fully trained as pallbearers.
Maybe we've taken this sharing economy thing too far?
No, it's the 31st. Your turn starts tomorrow.
Willy said he wanted to be buried in his sample case.
I don't think you can fit in
Okay, this is good. We all have a handle on it now.
Who are you that we should go to this length to accommodate your trust issues?
This is not inconspicuous.
We're just taking the "three men in a room" concept to its logical conclusion.
Ok guys, all we have to do is make sure nobody knows that in this suitcase lies the perfect ingredient for Jeff's surprise party.
The investors will love this.
Did you have to tell her we carry our 'briefs' in here?
Are we all on the same page?
The team building article said that activities don't have to be wild and crazy, just fun.
Thanks for helping me with "Bring your surfboard to work day"!
I get the team thing, but I hate the homework.
And his like was brief.
Shh! We only got the leg part, the rest of the pieces are still inside the room.
Tell I.T. to teach Burt how to set margins
Simpson, did you lose the president again?
Do you know whats in this case? Your looking very shady today.
Who gets to carry Jimmy Hoffa around next year?
The folks up at sales will just have to acknowledge the Return of Low Tech.
I’m so relieved it was a closed briefcase ceremony. The client would have wanted it that way.
At our next meeting, I get to be coxswain.
Joe, my last day is Friday. I'm tired of being the middle man.
We welcome diversity at Southpaw Corporation.
How was I supposed to know they didn't like electric guitars?
You're the one that wanted to be a partner.
It's a looooong story.
Allahu akbar, brother. See you in paradise, insha'allah.
No, I think it's just a case of left-handed-ism.
We're being paid portmanteauvertime for this, right?
Does this briefcase make my hands look small?
I hope nobody notices Simmons taking a "Nap" at work.
Collaboration in the workplace. Not just a lady thing anymore, fellas!
This is a big case; don't be on the wrong side
Glad you could join the firm. We needed a third hand,
I don't see how this promotes teamwork.
I think she thought you looked pretty weird.
This sharing economy thing is not all it's cracked up to be -- mind if we stop by the men's room on the way to the meeting?
A briefcase on wheels? That would look weird.
I've been quite impressed with the cohesion of our business units as a result of the merger.
This A4 paper is bull@%#*!
Hey, try and say attentive attorney's attached attache five times fast.
Separate, but equal?
It's the corporate ladder.
The elevator is easy...lets see if you can survive the revolving door!
If you think this is bad, wait til you the bathroom break policy.
One piece of advice on your first day... watch the corners.
He was short and very slender.
Work hard and one day you'll get to the middle.
This client is unique.
Three's Company
The size of this brief better not correlate with the length of the trial....
I used to think we were gong paperless.
A PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY SANDWICH IS MY BEST LUNCH!
Do you think she noticed?
Not easy being third string
I know everyone loves party subs, but is silly.
Someday I'll die, and you'll get to hold the middle handle. Maybe.
Are you sure this is scalable?
At the count of three we release the boa constrictor.
This time next year we'll be the hottest xylophone trio in the world!
You get used to it after you've been job sharing a while.
This "corporate culture" thing stinks.
This meeting could go a little long.
I was her right-hand man until she became a a one-woman band.
Sometimes a lawyer needs a little assistance.....
She really just doesn't have a handle on our case.
I'll admit it: I had my doubts about the new synergy initiative.
Go left.
And you thought this would be a brief case?
Slim wanted to be buried from the office.
You may have guessed already. It's the plans for Trump's Mexican wall.
Pallbearing just isn't what it used to be.
When we get to the airport, let me do the talking.
Just say the happy light box gave you the tan.
I was a pall bearer on the Schecter account, too.
What Bernie doesn't realize--these year-end bonuses are heavy!
Well, he did ask for a rock guitar.
You're just third handle, so try to keep a lid on it when we get in there.
Many hands makes for clumsy work
You can only Paleo so long!
Keep working hard, Jacobs, and someday you'll move up to second handle.
Either focus, Hal, or agree to a coxswain!
This new iPhone case is a real lifesaver, eh?
I've heard that the folding corporate ladder we're carrying only goes one floor.
You see her weird purse?
I've been a pallbearer before, but this requires a different mindset.
It is a pleasure and a honor to be a pall bearer of the terrorist rifle.
I'm telling you. Briefcase pooling is going to be the next big thing.
I love explaining that I can't stay late because I'm case-pooling.
This means we all get indicted together.
If he'd file his taxes online we wouldn't have to haul around this long form.
Only Google! Not only do you get a free massage, you get it from three masseurs!
Blah blah blah
Then we'll have him laid out in the board room
I guess I should have told you that the client really prefers left-handed accountants.
They're the XL files.
Mac feared the case was a dead giveaway that they were fishing for insider secrets.
You should have seen the size of the Beta version.
Next time George, you play the piccolo.
Do you think we might be pushing this whole "team thing" a bit too far?
I look forward to the day they put the "brief" back into briefcase.
Here comes a right turn, two steps for every one I take.
We're only allowed one carry on item.
Does this remind you of the song about the marching ants?
I know you've got your eye on my job, Ted.
When they said we'd be instituting job-sharing, I never thought it would go this far.
Actually, the deal died days ago....we're the pallbearers.
Do you think the jury will realize this is a really big case we are trying?
We're big on teamwork here, wait til you see the bathroom
This is carrying job sharing too far.
Nothing personal, putting you at the back and all that.
Hey, you insisted on bringing up the left.
The lawyers of Tusk, Tusk, and Trunk were always easy to spot walking into the office.
I don't know. I'm just the middle man.
Our vacations are even more interesting.
We're holding it together, aren't we?
He fudges the numbers, I display confusing graphics, you close the deal.
Don't offer to eliminate the middleman!
The trickiest part is reversing into elevators.
No more Team-Building Retreats for me!
You said you wanted to include the longitudinal study
Hey Bob... Why don't they have pupils?
It's a trick I learned when filing briefs for the NRA.
New office stationery policy....we write on scrolls.
Listen up, we first say, 'Boss, we have a new Stradivarius', and then we open fire.
You wouldn't know the challenges of middle management.
Do you ever get the feeling corporate doesn't understand?
Hi. I don't think we've met. I'm Bob.
Checked or Carry-on?
It was marketed as a mobile collaboration system.
I really appreciate you for being a pallbearer for my portfolio.
Three-piece suits are "out," but the triple briefcase will always be "in."
We're filing a long brief.
There's letter size, there's legal size, but the real money is in tabloid size.
Did you lock the tandem?
These catering tables are useless at the anorexia conference.
This is nothing! You should have seen all of the evidence he presented at his last trail.
Sorry you have to deal with my baggage.
Look, I've told you before, at Leadtec everyone starts at the back.
Wrong Side, Wrong Hair, Don't give me that look!
Remember, act like we just met.
Ok guys, let's make this brief.
That's how you give a big presentation.
Some aspects of this corporate merger are silly.
We think that you're wrong side of this one.
Can you handle it?
Right on cue.
Not so sure about this Coworking Case thing.
First time with briefcase sharing?
I'm think of buying new underwear. Are you in?
Why would we each want our own briefcase?
Welcome to the team. It's alot of paper work.
I think your lunch just moved into my jurisdiction.
Ever thought of getting your own briefcase?.
We share a hoagie.
Collaborative Execution.
Don't ask me. I'm just the middle man.
Do YOU have a license to carry?
A tandem bike? Please. I have *some* self-respect.
We've got this Davis, we really only need two pallbearers for the thin man.
Act like you belong ...
Effective Presentations 101: bigger might not actually be better, but don't assume everybody knows that.
It takes either the three of us or one man with shoulders.
It's the only sure way to keep a crease.
legal sized paper...
Are you also a member of The Anorexic's Pall Bearers Society?
I'll switch with you if you can guess what's in this thing.
I just thought that "pulling your weight" was more of a metaphor.
Poor Stanley. He never saw that steamroller coming.
The judge expects it to be a long brief today.
I'm not sure if our CEO truly understands thr concept of sharing resources.
I'm a very hands-on supervisor.
We have to get this to Hillary quickly, decent penis size is the new campaign must-have.
Bathroom,anyone?
It's a joint-custody case.
I hear they want hire one person to replace us.
You know the last one of these we carried turned out to be your partner's casket?" "Yeah? Well, let's hope that this one is your wife..." "...Agreed.
I was asked to be a pallbearer for last quarter’s strategy, too.
Groupon?
Hunt continues for Machinegun Slim.
He has the heavy end.
By the time they notice the party sub is missing, we'll be long gone.
Keeping the GOP candidate secret until the last moment (or poll).
This company still doesn't get racial integration.
First we carpool together, and now this.
He's taking Tiny Hands to the next level. This is his new Speedo.
Why does he always get to be up front?
It's the big short, so shuddup!
If a diamond-encrusted yardstick doesn’t impress them, nothing will.
I'm serious dude, no more tuna sandwiches.
It's yyyuuugge
Make sure Mr. Trumps wigs are cleaned and combed before he makes his speech.
You are on the wrong side.
At least she didn't ask us about the weather.
Perhaps we should have stopped at carpooling?
This new teamwork initiative has gone to far.
Being left-handed has nothing to do with it.
This is the worst case scenario.
There is no "i" in bref.
Wait till David sees Goliath's case.
We forgot our lunch.
Of course it is huge. Ya think Donald would want a brief case?
I always thought 'the long arm of the law' was just a figure of speech.
Sometimes you ned a three man briefcase
Of course it's three-brief case. That's why they call them tri-als
That was quite a merger.
It's the final step before wall-less cubicles.
I see you finally grasp the sharing economy, Jim.
I told ("told" underlined or bold) you it was a long shot!
I told you that we should not work for Plastic Man!
If you weren't right handed we could get a nice cadence going.
Somehow, I never envisioned myself as part of a lawyer three pack from Costco.
They're taking this merger much too seriously if you ask me.
I told you the prosecution had a strange case.
It's all about that bass.
Smithers, if we are to have a chance with this case, you have to get on the right side.
I never understood purses.
Turns out not to be a brief case this time.
Accessorizing with synergy suits you.
Common planning time is a pain in the butt.
Harvey, this is the last time I'm going to tell you. This case is for briefs, not long johns!
Who says a briefcase has to be brief?
At least they finally moved our offices to be on the same floor.
Do you remember the 24-digit combination?
How do you always keep your end up?
It's going to be a long meeting.
Do you know how many middle-aged men would kill for this job?
Are you sure this is what the consultant meant by team synergy?
It's sleek. It's NOW. And pallbearing will never be the same. It's who I AM.
When we get in there, you guys drop your ends and I'll pretend it's really heavy.
I needed a right hand man.
There's also a 'boxer' model.
I'd like to go back to just carpooling.
Quiet. No one will suspect anything.
Did you use the "size of your briefcase" line again?
His iMac is the headstone.
Why must you always be on the left?
And if something should happen to him... Bam! We both move up.
What's a computer?
I think we’ve got this job-sharing thing all wrong.
I could never afford Prada on my own.
Be careful when you open it, the contents may have shifted.
If you forget the presentation, can you dance the twist?
Tech industry...pffft! The luggage industry is what makes this country great...
You know that teaming software they got us? This is the computer.
Who said they were briefs?
What a merger!
It could be extra-long spaghetti or even peacock feathers, you never know.
Sharing a desk is OK, but this is ridiculous.
This really stretches the word "brief"
Remember, 3, whatever is under the 2nd handle is mine.
And that's how I made it to middle management.
So, how are you related to the thin man?
It's the Donald Trump model.
Not much....my lunch, some paperwork, a shovel... why do you ask ?
This is white collar worker solidarity.
It was a very long brief
XXL legal pads
This is the last group project for me.
Just think of yourself as the rudder.
I don't mind sharing an office, but...
My last case was even longer.
You didn't ask what they meant by "teamwork is our central value"?
It's not that I mind the middle handle, I just don't feel like I'm carrying my own weight around here.
If this works, we are going to try it on Trump, Cruz and Rubio.
As always...oldest leads, youngest loafs, and I carry.
Seriously Bob, don't worry. The first gig was a fluke, everyone loves triple neck guitar groups.
Well it's your floor now.
Yeah, he was run over by a steam roller.
...appears we're on the same career track.
Talk about falling flat on your face!
Got enough air in there?
They used to call this a brief-case.
Flip charts have saved our company a bundle in marketing.
Didn't I tell you? You saw the way the way that babe eyed us when she saw our cool partner briefcase.
God, I hate group projects!
When I said we needed a better handle on this case, Morty, I didn't mean this.
I hadn't anticipated having to make room for a fourth person in there.
It's his last will and testament.
Says he steamrolled the competition!
It looks like the deal is dead.
These streamlined coffins are so easy to carry.
Just try to act like this is completely normal.
Even with the three of us flying together, I don't think this will qualify as "carry-on" luggage.
If I told you, I'd have to shoot you.
I understand getting rid of offices for cubicles, I even understand a common rest room, but making us share the briefcase seems almost anti-Trump.
Glad its an NRA approved violin case. There's an RPG launcher inside.
First carpooling, now this. The environmentalists are getting extreme.
Whose turn was it to bring lunch today?
This is NOT too heavy to be a massage table.
This is my other smartphone.
And to think we bought the last one!
This job sharing is going too far!
I need to go to the men's room
It's a big case.
This is the biggest deal I ever worked on
These group projects are getting way out of hand.
Is bigger is better really going to work?
I hope you don't have any vacation plans, Harris. This is gonna be a long case.
The airline charges for each carry on.
I told you not to get H.R. involved.
I prefer to think of it as a longcase.
You're the new guy, aren't you? Word to the wise: Nonconformity doesn't wash here. Other side, pal.
I don't think this 'All for one and one for all' is going to work
This is carrying teamwork to far.
I'm glad we were all able to get a handle on this case.
Something tells me our project is DOA.
Let go now , before they take your tan .
Aw. Freeze drying, an elevator, half as many pall bearers, this new technology is making the funeral business so much better
What makes you suspect that we're co-dependent?
What ever happened to one riot, one Ranger?
Get with the program Schmidt, this is left arm briefcase.
It's either Trump's hair, or the wall. We haven't quite figured it out yet
All the Millennials carry group briefcases nowadays.
I wasn't expecting a long, drawn out case.
I apparently didn’t read the fine print of the RideShare program.
Geez, Talk About a Merger...
Why should you be up front?
What happened to the BRIEF case?
I'm tired of taking the freight elevator
I do not think anyone suspects there is the boss's subway sandwhiches in here, do you?
Don't you think the sharing economy has gone a bit too far?
Try not to look suspicious
I still think the brief for this case is a little wordy.
This is nothing. Wait till you see the mens room.
I know Harry was fired today. I just hope that this is Harry's trombone and not Harry.
I'm not looking forward to the bathroom breaks at this meeting.
When you suggested a three-way at the office, I had envisioned something a little different.
At least this is half the work of that pallbearing gig.
Threef case.
Trust me - this is how we landed the Costco account.
I don't trust you guys, either.
Told you he'd fit if we chopped him up.
I think the sharing economy may be going a bit too far.
It was one thing when they put all three of is one cubicle and now this!
Did you know Nick Charles very long?
Who knew triple bottom line accounting would be so popular?
Presentation teamwork begins now.
Three men. One briefcase. Who will be next?
You've never been a pallbearer for a business plan? Don't worry--just follow my lead.
I use to lose my briefcase all the time until I hired you guys.
It's a new super computer. This is just the keynoard.
He insisted on a wide screen presentation.
Steve always said this job would kill him.
Just remember, small hands big briefcase.
Hoffa
It would look funny if there were two of us carrying a briefcase.
My new phone has the biggest screen ever and a three man carry case to go with it. Its like having a tv in the palm of your hand.
Just be glad you only work on the *third* floor!
If everybody takes their cues from me, we should be able to run the table.
Hey, Mac, this long, oblong box is heavy ! We're C.I.A. case officers, supposedly on a routine courier run? What's in the box: a body? I mean, is the Company delivering like U.P.S. now, as mortuary pall-bearers C.O.D.?
I hope they didn't put onions on this super-size pizza.
First cubicles and now this.
I thought when the boss said "use bullets" -- he meant "bullet points"...
Luck of the draw, I guess.
If anyone asks, this is a contrabassoon.
Our desk is a 3-way too.
Who're we kidding?
If he says no, I open the case, Barry aims it, and you fire. Okay?
Speak softly, but carry a big brief case.
Remember, our strategy is to keep the presentation short.
That's two down to one up!
It might improve teamwork if we also share a bed.
Ya, Iam sorry it's so heavy, but it's going to be a Big Wall; there is a ton of paperwork. A Big Beautiful Wall.
Eyeball replacements
When I made the reservation, the guy on phone said, "Yes. We have a room for three ... 45 dollars a night. I didn't realize it was $345 a night.""
Bob, why did they put the sub in a briefcase?
Did you ask if they would take a check?
Long brief.
I prefer my rideshare
We'll have to add another handle for gender equality.
I told you it wouldn't fit in the overhead rack.
Do you think our brief is too long?
So, this is the new "football"?
Did you remember to bring the extra-long paper clips?
I just have a feeling that the Convention isn't ready for a pop-up casket.
The IT people asked for a new platform and this should do the trick.
It was a brief life.
It was because everyone had their own briefcase that they became endangered.
We’re asking the court for a tall order.
It's the biggest case of our careers.
Mary's presentation had too many slides for my taste.
Yeah well being in the middle there's not much glamour either.
It's nice to know that they can make a sandwich that fits in our briefcase.
The board's really going to like our long-term plan.
Effects of the agency's teamwork initiative were becoming apparent.
How about we take up ping pong instead?
Did you forget to bring our umbrella again?
"That's quite enough of '??Three bags full'.
This is the biggest case we've taken to court
we'll flat out win this one
This "Three's Company" reboot has really jumped the shark.
I'm having second thoughts about the sharing economy.
I'd never heard of a three-man Tommy gun.
He has small hands.
You're just not a team player, are you?
This is not a brief case.
Ashes require fewer pall bearers.
They usually use bigger groups for team building, but we couldn't keep the little guys kept from tripping on the stairs.
Can't you just feel the synergy?
We thought he said "cater to the BASS"
I hope they're not expecting a short brief.
Boxers or briefs...and you just had to say boxers!
This team work stuff is getting out of hand.
What do you think Donald meant when he said "So long, losers!" at the end of our presentation?
We've seen a lot of growth in our portfolio since last year.
Let's be discreet.
With three you get egg roll.
When you said threesome this isn’t what I had in mind.
This merger has gone too far guys.
Open carry brainstorming sessions would be quicker
It's not a briefing, Wallace it's a long-johnning.
Why are you always on fhe wrong side?
So, what's in your suitcase?
I didn't know "killer presentation'' meant THAT!
i hope you can hold up your end of this bargain.
When they ask "Where's Waldo?", let me do the talking!
What is this, job sharing or power sharing or a three-way?
He opted for the "bury yourself in work" casket
Technically, I'm not lying. I told my wife that the FBI finally has me be working on a really big case.
I agree, it is less suspicious than one assassin carrying a gun case.
Maybe best to leave it at car sharing.
This doesn't look suspicious at all. I told you we should have taken the stairs. Where do you bury bad bosses anyway?
I heard he's going to kill the whole department
Work pressure will do that
Our signature song is 'Crocodile Rock,' up close and personal.
Well I heard that Fred here is retiring, and you're gonna get the middle handle.
Nobody, I said, will miss the staff meeting
Get a grip, Ripley, we want to present a unified case.
Do you realize this is the first time that the captain put us all on the same case?
We really need to get in the same carpool.
Must you always lean to the left?
I misunderstood when the partners said they were giving us the same case.
I bought it at a Mafia yard sale, recently.
It's company policy now... Three guys hired for one job.
I'm pretty sure the boss didn't mean this when he ordered the expansion of our portfolio.
I value self-reliance above all else... in my employees.
I remember when bribes fit in a normal briefcase.
Any other sword swallowers here for the tryouts?
By the way, Collins- welcome to the firm of Collins, Collins, and Collins.
this must be a really,really big brief
Regardless whether the FIFO or LIFO rule applies in this instance, I still remain a ‘shmucko.’
It's either a very large carrot or an average size stick.
Death by steamroller.
It always takes three valets to carry Ms. Kardashian's girdle tote.
He's holding up his end, but he isn't pulling his weight.
Be happy you got a full handle.
Try to remember to say 'xylophone', not 'secret nuclear device'.
I told you this "group work" would be a great idea, now we have other people to blame if there's a mess up.
This will be brief. We've never lost a case.
I thought we each had our own when we got on the elevator.
I think we'v been working together on this project for too long.
Roger, it may feel like a body; it's just lunch for those nice folks in purchasing.
It's a man's job.
Never thought I'd be a Les Paul bearer at this age.
I hate it when these briefs are lengthy.
Don't be obvious about looking, but the woman behind us is the daughter of Elsa Maxwell.
you would think this company could afford individual briefcases?
You know I was in the middle seat on the flight too.
This is where it always gets awkward.
I think it's best that we work as a team
This will stop them from talking about our small hands!
It's perfect for the extralegal size paper.
I can't believe they're making us all wear the same suit!
Why didn't you just tell her we're from 'music removals R us', she'd never know...
I suppose you also want to cut out the middle man.
Hey... Group project means "Group Project"!
No matter what case we're working on, you always have to take the other side, don't you.
Next time, let's take the stairs.
Demonstrable teamwork mate.
You could say we're joined at the briefs
He ain't heavy. He's my brother.
Hey, I don't want your stuff touching mine.
It's a furneral just a board meeting.
It's a merger case.
I play the world's largest harmonica at this club after work.
I'll do the talking.
I see you're still at the back of the box.
Whoever said "three's a crowd" never had to carry a ridiculously long suitcase by herself.
I bet the guy that invented these junior executive condo briefcases is making a fortune.
I just carry this handle around in my pocket.
They are cutting over head starting with brief cases.
I understand why the company requires us to share the hotel room, but one suitcase?
It's our Shot-Ski.
Not every case is brief.
I'm wondering how brief this case is gonna be.
Consider us as the three wise men reincarnated.
Not sure briefcase-pooling is going to catch on.
Billable hours X 3, got it?
This carpool elevator is greatly enhancing my commute.
...remember, Bob's gonna say, "But these chopsticks are too short!," and that's when you start the Coldplay song.
How long do you think we have before they notice our boss is missing?
If we had normal-sized hands, they wouldn't fit in these handles.
Be cool. We're only here to case the joint.
Linda over there keeps complaining about how she makes 25% less than us.
I'm not always on his side.
I hear you can pay extra during peak hours to ride solo
This case can deliver triple damages.
First time as an Executive Pallbearer?
I'm going to room 218. You?
For the last time; BIG ideas need require a BIG briefcase.
He looked fine yesterday.......
They're going to downsize. The middleman always gets it.
Worst case scenario we won't all be late.
How did you get him in there?
I'm not sure Ray is pulling his weight.
I am the next coming of Christ.
Can you believe management is hiring consultants to help get rid of "redundancies"? What a waste of money.
One day you'll understand what it feels like to have to train your own replacements.
Is this your first time as a pallbearer?
This time, you have got to hold up your end.
Mergers and acquisitions.
Not so sure how crazy I am about this new "sharing" economy.
Car pooling was bad enough but this is emasculating.
Are you ready for the shareholders meeting?
Ambidexterity is a plus in this firm... but these Captain Kangaroo suits diminish our credibility...you got salsa on your chin...
You sure you saw this in GQ?
Nobody here handles the big cases by themselves.
CPA triumvirate on the case, brah.
Remember: the Big Bad Wolf will huff and he'll puff, but he won't blow this destruction of property causing emotional trauma suit down.
Please tell me this isn't that Thompson guy from accounting the boss canned yesterday.
I'll brief you later on the case
By the way, we'll all have to leave at 3:15 today....I've got root canal work scheduled.
Accounting insisted we file the long form this year.
I hear that this holds the origins of the universe.
At least we don't need the training wheels anymore.
It's his 3 piece suit.
Will you remind me again what we're telling people is inside of this thing?
So, we're agreed: One more team building exercise and we're out of here.
Can't we just use triplicate forms for once?
You know, I could just let go.
This pool cue isn't big enough for the three of us
"Nevermind" would have sufficed....
It's bad enough Mr. Trump had this commissioned to illustrate his manhood. Does he really need to make us lug it to all the debates???
You hear those downsizing rumors?
I'm NOT sharing credit for this.
Man, why even bother?
Two thousand bucks for alpenhorn lessons and the only gigs I get are cough drop commercials.
I was so alone.
Next time can we take the Hearse?
It's the 'Executive Executive Executive' edition.
You call yourself a coxswain?
She didn't have buns. So, my anaconda...didn't want none.
Well, I mean, jobsharing yes. But who had this silly idea of sharing the briefcase?
I don't think it's going to be an open and shut case.
Honestly I kind of like the middle.
Did you see her shoes? Weird.
I think I still prefer a briefcase.
We're going to have to stop taking so much work home.
I know they asked for the long form, but this is ridiculous.
So much for the sharing economy.
I know this firm is known for extra-long briefs ... but this is ridiculous!
Campbell's has a service for your Ad campaign.
These encryption codes are becoming a problem.
No, we don't all need to be handcuffed to it.
His presentation fell a little flat.
No, you have to stay at the back.
I hate these long briefs
I hate going to long meetings.
I told you that it would be a long, drawn out, legal process...
Are we shareholders now?
The shredding is today; but we'll scatter the ashes on New Year's Eve.
I told her it was a Monty Python case. She laughed and didn't get suspicious.
Sorry, but I'm just not that into the whole squad goals thing.
Have you seen the new bathrooms yet?
Come on, Rick. Be a team player.
This new "power team" approach is getting out of hand.
The long form takes seven handlers.
This partnership thing is over done.
4 on one briefcase?!? That's absurd.
I love bonding exercises, but you said how far?
We all carry our weight around here.
It adds weight to our recommendations, and we charge more. Remember, don't smile.
You realize this makes you an accomplice, right?
The secret is whether this year's company Easter Bunny is dark or milk chocolate
This "team" concept sucks.
When Jerry said look like a team, I didn't think this is what he had in mind.
It's our biggest case yet. Our only worry is the courtroom door.
I blame the carpool culture.
My wife picked it out!
Post-merger integration they said
These contracts are getting way too long.
This is NOT what I thought he meant when he said he needed his three best litigators to carry an important case for him.
That was great, we had her boxed in perfectly. Next time it's your turn to fart.
You do know, Agent Mulder, that this lamp is intended exclusively for interrogations?
Parker ordered it when he heard the new CEO was into threesomes.
Call Dr Ben Carson, quick!
Remember, it is just a big violin.
What time are we taking our bathroom break?
I think that this is the second longest legal brief ever written.
Stan, this is the last time I will carry your stupid longjohns.
This would be a lot easier if we carpooled too.
Nobody will suspect we have hotel towels in here.
Remember: teamwork is everything with this client.
You just never want to risk the carpool elevator ticktets.
Your place or mine?
This case could be a long one.
You're a righty?!
I'm sure this us not what we meant when we asked for a triple bassoon.
Someone needs to tell the old man what file sharing really means
I hope we don't get a new co-worker today.
"So this is what they meant by 'becoming a partner'?"'
She wants me
Are you ready to play the long game?
I thought mergers were supposed to eliminate redundancy.
Why shouldn't it be you at the back of the briefcase?
Remember to tell them we worked at Uber.
Oh, man, this new corporate ladder still lacks transparency.
The embalming rotation is breeze.
Do you think they'll know we're together?
People want to know, but they never ask.
These mergers are becoming a little excessive.
It lets us bill three times the usual amount.
You think they're going to accept our massaging their numbers?
The overhead bin's fine, but we will be walking to St. Louis if it must be stowed under the seat in front of you.
Why can't you be a team player and carry on your left?
Today we're using left hands,remember?
I miss moving bodies for disorganized crime.
I honestly don't think this is what a long brief is supposed to be
Quick! To the tandem Gocycle!
It's a very big case.
It's quite an honor to be Gumby's pallbearer.
Your resume says you're ambidextrous.
On April 15 I use the long form.
He gave his life to this company.
Undertakers: Beware the Ides of March !! Underpaid doctors can "undertake" new moonlighting jobs ...
How else to let her know that the deal is DOA.
Welcome to J. McGintey's Coffin Works.
Not that it's heavy, it's just awkward.
One of Trump's audits......its hugggeeeee!
You can get a lot more out of them with a massage table than a lot of muscle
Don't worry, they won't suspect a thing.
However this thing unfolds in there, I want you to your end up.
Did you remember to pack our tooth brush?
We used to call it the football, but that was before it was possible for a wackjob billionaire to win the nomination. Now it takes three keys, and we call it team nuclear hockey sticks.
So how do you like mortuary school so far?
He's a good listener. lousy talking head.
In this case it's all about bonding.
Trust me. No one will notice.
Flat screen TV, guaranteed cure for the Monday Blues.
I think we have a handle on this case.
This project will go faster if you were on the same side.
We can take it from here. Your role was purely utilitarian.
I told you guys it would fit in the elevator.
The boss said to get to the office ASAP as soon I as I told him we were presenting a lengthy brief.
I knew our presentation was too long.
Another day at United Pallbearers.
Hansen has the ball, and Shortz has the paddles!
If you ask me, that team-building management consultant has gone too far this time!
Next time, we buy one with wheels.
This is carrying "in triplicate" a bit too far. Don't you think?
This is the longest file we've ever collected for a case.
Another proposal that will be dead on arrival.
I think we've got a handle on this case.
We want an element of surprise with a bit of fear
Our legal briefs are longer than usual.
These budget cuts are really getting out of hand.
Do you think they suspect we're cutting out early to go surfing?
I found it at Costco.
Now you know what we do with people who give lousy elevator speeches.
Fred and I feel you're not carrying your share of the load.
If we make Shapiro partner does that mean we're going to have to get a bigger briefcase?
The board doesn't agree with you!
No. You're in the back because we're left-handed.
No reason to be nervous - the other pallbearers will love our presentation.
Mac OS X Python. Too literal?
I had to use the long form.
Excellent idea, Bruce, to skip the fanny pack.
It's quite an honor to carry Mr. Trump's briefcase.
You can lead tomorrow Jack. Now get back into line.
Now, isn't this the coolest way to steal their silverware?
The size of laptops is getting out of hand.
Still, let's keep it brief.
I think we need a coxswain.
They told me to bring along that big dummy
I say that next time we try the cases separately.
We're using every tax loophole we could find.
Why yes, I have been doing extra squats.
I draw the line at sharing my briefs.
This time make sure the flat tax stays buried.
It shows that we're all on the same page, literally.
https://account.newyorker.com/change-password/=c80fe5a5533bae6c71396f56818cd3440
Correct me in front of a client again and you're fired.
Stealer's Wheel did Not have me in mind.
The accountant said to file the 1040 long form since we are organized as a partnership.
All he said was the case came with two paralegals.
Ok , technically yes, this could be a threesome.
You know things will go a lot smoother the moment that you get on the right side of the this case!
Do you know how long it took me to get to the middle?
This meeting should put an end to the "Where's Hoffa?" question.
You've obviously never been an 'Express Rest' pall bearer before.
I feel like a pall bearer for a really bad big idea.
It''s expected to be a long trial.
I'm tired of retorting, "Yes, in fact, our briefs are long."
We don't need an *actual* ladder to get promoted.
I fear you're on the wrong side in this issue.
I resent your disintermediation suggestions.
Have you ever considered the sawed off version?
we'll have more than enough towels now!
Why don't we just show them a picture of the bazooka?
If this case gets any longer, we'll need to add another attorney.
The Democratic Socialist administration has really changed Wall Street.
Remember, the success of this presentation depends on our finding three seats together.
Why do you think they know we're The Three Musketeers?
So is that supposed to pique my curiosity, or is it supposed to make you seem interesting?
I'm used to smaller caseloads.
That woman may suspect something weird.
It's the longest case we've ever worked on.
Republicans scoffed at the Full Employment Act.
The long-form case never quite caught on.
This is the left-handed floor.
We have a handle on things!!!
Is she still looking at my butt?
It's a long brief.
Three is a corporation.
I'm not so sure about this "briefcase pooling" idea.
Lunch?
I'm telling you this not so brief case will sell in the millions.
You're right. The HOV elevator is faster.
Don't ask!
No, my part is way heavier than yours.
What's your favorite position?
n "No one suspects that it's an ironing board.
Socialism sure makes work lighter.
The boss got this "team" idea while attending a funeral.
I'm afraid that this proposal is going to be D.O.A.
Her presentation was too flat
This is the most collaborative office I've ever worked in.
Job sharing used to sound like fun.
Stop looking as if we are pallbearers and lets get this pitch underway.
The partners didn't think I could handle this case by myself
All lives matter. Get over here.
When you said oversight, I was thinking more like ankle monitor.
No I'm not an origin donor, why do you ask?
The board's really upset. We're gonna need to fall on our swords.
Not surprising that her husband was buried in a piano.
Maybe we're taking this carpooling thing a little too far.
In case you were wondering, you're in the back because you are the new guy.
On three.. take a right.
" Now, look straight and walk like we belong here".
You sure attachépooling is a thing?
Wait...I can't remember if we put the lock on the bike...
We are coming today to bury Flat Stanley.
OK guys, I totally get carpools, but how is this supposed to help the environment?
I don't know how he always gets to work before we do.
Remember when all we needed was a violin case and a tommy gun?
When I said "Back to the drawing board," I didn't mean it literally.
With such small hands-- either do this or run for GOP nomination.
Let's open with "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida".
Hey, do you know what we have in here? My arm is getting tired.
I miss being a human centipede.
Apparently, you found the key to the the portable tanning booth!
I thought it was rude how you called me a "stonehenge looking motherf*cker" in front of that lady. Actually, it was rude in general.
I swear we didn't mean to seat you in the back.
Francis: things are looking up, this case is ours...
Remember, everything that's important we learned in pre-school.
This job-share isn't as flexible as I thought it would be.
I told we should should have kept it brief.
Does she know this corporate exercise is usually performed above the glass ceiling?
Stop asking questions, just carry on.
Remember, Don, we're a team.
Great foresight with the briefcase. I don't know how else we could've dealt with the groom's cold feet.
If you don't stop pouting Mike, we'll replace you with Maude.
Don't worry. If any one asks, just erase their memory.
Credit assisting living.
I'll be so glad when the jury comes back on this nasty faulty ironing board liability case!
I know, but it was either this or just an iPad.
Trust me
We're from a really big law firm!
Imax computers are going to be a pain in the butt.
I've been working on the long range forecasts.
Three's better than one, right?
Perhaps it would be better for the team if we each had our own briefcase.
I look forward to the day when all of us can be on the same side of a case.
Legal size is back--with a vengeance!
You know, we can't all take this case.
Don't be rediculous, it has always been alphabetical.
I didn't realize how much we'd be investing in the sharing economy.
What do you think he means by 'triangulated' sales?
''We save on buying separate brief cases."
Yes Mel, "The Will" mentions a preference for Southpaw pallbearers
Get used to it. NRA amicus briefs are not friendly and they're not brief.
I suppose it's too late to change my mind.
For our next gig, let's get three harmonicas.
I just don’t think it says “Mad Men” to our clients.
Did you notice anything odd about her?
No one knows what's in this box.
If the boss WANTS 3-part harmony, he GETS 3-part harmony. ronj
Looks like we bought the same exact suitcase.
I don't see this merger working out long term.
This draft might get through the House, but the Senate will find it too long.
Because we're a team. That's why!
This is why I like powerpoint.
Now, you're sure they insisted on the long-form contract?
you and your bargain attaches...
This company is compatible with our vision.
I told you we can handle this case.
Think I'll manage the next case on my own.
Save for a few oversights, I'd say the merger was a success.
You're certain the competition is the Three Man Brief-Sled?
And we're the most normal guys here.
Our reading of the constitution is especially rigid.
We need to look like we’re a team.
Wanna share a cab?
This business 3-way is no fun!
You lefties always screw things up.
Tell me again, what's our Plan B?
I understand the need for cutbacks, but requiring three of us to share one briefcase is a bit extreme, don't you think?
Don't be the tail wagging the dog!
These corporate mergers can be awkward.
Pastor always uses his massage table to lay on hands.
Jobsharing
Our job-sharing arrangement has officially become weird.
Remember...he is going to play nice, you are going to play hardball, and I'm playing the middleman
Sir, was that you that just emitted gas from your anus?" "Nah man, that was the lady behind us...
I know, I know, but it still feels like a corporate walking rope.
Why do we always have to pay cash?
Yes, the new long form is more difficult to use, but the ability to deduct escort services as physical therapy AND to bill at three times our normal rate make it win-win.
Remember: our thinking is "inside the box".
We carpool, we merged briefcases and you're still not sharing your feelings. Damn it Fred, let me in.
I told you that our presentation should have been outside the box.
I really think Macrosoft is gonna be a game changer.
Toasted, Triple Long Sub, with everything on it.
If Sally from corporate starts again with her safe zone speech we bring out the big guns.
The "shareconomy's" next big star: BRIEFER
Just keep your gym shorts outta my lunch.
So just who selected the super-ultra-mega legal size paper anyway?
When I first moved to Mergers, this was my first acquisition!
"As always, we're the 3 Briefkateers".
It's a much lighter load when the N.S.A., C.I.A. and F.B.I. work together.
I can't keep getting in-between you guys.
This is a very lengthy brief.
"Remember...we come in on keyboard as soon as they announce that the economy is bound to improve." a
Trump illegal?
As a cost saving measure, we're now considered one full-time employee.
This is absolutely my biggest case so far!
We forgot the myrrh.
I really think we should think about going back to shorter legal pads.
If your peanut butter & jelly sandwich stinks up my audit report he'll ruin you.
What do you think management meant about us needing to cut out all the middle-men?
How do you screw up "three briefcases stuffed with cash?"
Panoramic Powerpoint handouts.
Why do they keep calling us the "Trump Triplets?"
This is obviously not the brief case they said would take almost no time, RIGHT?
I hope this judge has no problem with long briefs.
You're on the wrong side of the Not so Brief History of Greed.
We'd like your perspective on handling this case.
We'll all be happier when the plans for the new Triborough Bridge are made public."
What happens in the office stays in the office.
Cash like this? Definitely a king mattress.
These forms are still required in triplicate.
"Skinny" here never did like elevators.
Just wait until the NRA sees this one!
I call shotgun
Someday I hope to move to the first handle.
Any idea for a caption?
We really killed that presentation!
Where do we put the body?
Yeah, maybe the open office has gone too far.
Poor Stanley, suffocated in an envelope.
As usual, Greg's not holding up his end.
Sadly that presentation died, but it will live on in all of us.
It's a Mormon divorce.
And briefcasepooling saves on what now?
Welcome to the sales team.
You've probably noticed that our firm represents a lot of basketball players.
And who was the brainiac who kept insisting that the concept just needed a little massaging?
No! Get your own damn cab.
Work hard and one day I guarantee you the center position.
They'll never be looking for a body in a body-size suitcase carried by three people.
This isn't the threesome I had in mind.
This has nothing to do with Trump.
Worst three-way ever.
I'm not sure that "brief" is exactly the right word.
I really thought our idea was a home run this time.
These days you never know who your delivering a Hero to.
The lawyers from Long & Longer were legendary for their lengthy briefs.
It's important you get on the RIGHT side of the sharing economy
Did you remember the key?
I thought by now I'd be carrying the case alone.
Are you saying it smells funny ha ha or funny peculiar?
I hope one of you brought the extra mouthpieces for our bassoon.
'Okay, three-briefing we go! if you're sure they didn't say 'de-briefing...'"
Mr. Trump said to put his ego with his other baggage
Don't drop it—I used to be the lead handler.
Think of it as a stretch briefcase.
It's just as Vita requested . I stuffed her pockets full of rocks and now we're going to drop her and the cats in the East River.
I think it's time that we learn PowerPoint.
when "When we hit the men's room , who's letting go first?
This is the last time we use a bazooka for an indoor hit.
“When will I get my turn as front man of the sales force?
So, how long have you been delivering for V.I. Pizza?
How do we get this into the cloud?
I had hoped that 'Three Man Briefcase Group' would take me to off-Broadway, not office birthday parties.
Feeling a little attache today, Bill?
If our seats are three across, we should be able to get some work done on the flight.
I honestly thought that 'consolidating our workforce' meant getting laid off.
" It's just cumbersome".
The new boss really highlights interconnectivity as essential in the workplace.
You are my right hand man on this deal.
Carpooling is one one thing, but this is ridiculous!
I don't think anyone will know we have a keyboard in here.
No- the worst part about downsizing is we only have one pen.
You're not carrying your load.
Remember, I'm in charge. You two are not along for the ride. Just the carry.
Hope they included napkins with our five-foot hero.
There!s no easy way to carry your light saber.
These audits are killing me.
Sure it works. The trick is to convince them it's pocket-sized.
Maybe too much team-building?
Some cases require bigger briefs.
It definitely qualifies as carried-interest.
We're taking our case to a higher court.
Carpooling I get, but...?
Good idea not bringing the 4th guy, we'd have looked pretty silly.
'Can't wait to try out the new wallet sharing app !
We've got a huge case in our hands.
I don't like this cheap airfare practice of having to deliver the luggage of others. Especially with the random assignment of passengers to help with the delivery.
Don't you find it strange that we're all wearing the same suit?
You'll find, at this level, that 'brief ' takes on a whole other meaning.
This deal's gonna be yuuuge!
Keep your eyes on the prize.
If we turn around, will you stop talking about Rosa Parks?
These austerity measures are getting to be a bit much.
Remember, they're paying us for big ideas.
"Wanna see 'no hands' again?
Get over it Stevens...it's Johnson's turn to hold the front handle.
This must be his briefcase, it's YUGE!
you know, ever since the boss started on nutrasystem, this carrying him to the limo is SO much easier...........
This falls under my 2nd amendment rights.
Who would have suspected his lose-it-quick diet would have worked so well?
Two's company, what are we?
It is part of the company's new job share program.
It's all about teamwork, but the leg chain can drive you nuts.
I sure miss the days when we had our own BRIEFcases ...
We are all into this now!
I'm feeling it's little more heavy than awkward.
Who's papers are who's
Well, it is unequal; my handle is really a breakaway 45.
I'm firing our efficiency expert.
Just act nonchalant.
We like to emphasize teamwork.
They ain't gonna miss him for a couple of hours so as long as we don't do something stupid to bring attention to ourselves.
I find it a little more heavy than awkward.
I use this to carry giant squeeze packs of catsup and relish in case one of the IT guys brings another giant wiener for lunch.
These long cases are really a drag.
We went paperless.
We really should switch to legal size paper.
I'm not sure that I like the new job sharing program.
You've heard of a bass clarinet? This is a Sub contrabass clarinet and your playing tonight.
"Remember we're The Three Musketeers of accounting".
Oh, so you're a conservative?
I'm beginning to resent these long, drawn-out cases.
File sharing has made the job a breeze.
Well, you're taking the middle seat in the plane.
We bill by the handle.
I'm not so sure that a troika can pull this off.
It's complimentary with our stretch hummer.
You were told when you joined the firm -- we only handle big cases.
But we just went to the bathroom.
Thank goodness for concealed carry.
Remember--they're boxers, not briefs.
Leave this case alone.
How else should we carry our long underwear?
I love this new team building exercise.
This is a heavy guitar! Well you said you needed a lead guitar.
Thank God we all work in the same building.
Personally, I think the case is too big for this firm.
We will wait for practice till neighbors have gone to sleep.
New addition to sharing economy: Bag Share!
I hope this cellist gets our vibe.
Did Mr. Trump want is comb in his penthouse or in his car?
Let's wait until after the service to see what happened to the other pallbearers.
Corporate might be taking this ride share thing a little too far.
I hate working weekends
This is a lot of work just to sneek a protester into the Trump rally.
Setting up across from that collapsed building should net us beaucoup lawsuits.
The whiteboard died.
I wonder if she thinks we're compensating.
"So which shift do you want?''
It's hush-hush, but supposedly he died from an eating disorder.
Maybe if you worked a little harder you'd be middle handle material.
I think its past time we dissolve our joint venture.
Now remember…when we get on-stage I’ll count to three, we let him out and all yell, 'Happy Birthday, Boss'.
'Who's turn to take it home tonight?'
I know they weren't specific, but I think they meant bring your live kid to work day
Someone heard attache case.
The next time they send us to a board meeting we need to check on how long the board is.
And to the right is our team suite.
You realise, with this we are redefining the definition of "brief"!
Remember guys, walk in sync!
He's big on mergers.
We were told to deliver it to the Trump book depository.
He would have wanted an ergonomic funeral.
'Team building's OK, but this is ridiculous.'
The client asked to see our experience with horizontal integration.
They're going to shred it and spread the ashes across the Pacific.
You sure this is the client that craves sea serpent sushi?
'I think it's time you and Frank got your own briefcases'.
The knocking is going to give us away.
Remember when suits came with two pairs of pants?
Psst...I'll split whatever is in the briefcase. I heard it's Donald Trumps secret cash fund.
Well one of us should have remembered the combination.
I should warn you that this ensemble never walks in common time.
Mr. Draghi loves blasting his big bazooka.
Now we'll just have to wait for the dust to settle.
The online approach to reaching a remote audience is not in sync with today's hefty one-on-one presentation. Today begins with ensuring we have something to hold onto.
Extendocase, when an ordinary briefcase just won't do!
Eyestrain will hit you bad by the third hour of staring at spreadsheets, but at least in this chain gang, there’s no shackle sores.
How do I say this? This thing is just a cover. I left the memory chip in the airport washroom.
Don't forget the cannolis
I think we left the xylophone in the car.
Welcome to the mergers and acquisition team!
You can tell a lot about a person by the questions they don't ask.
The strategy is to draw this case out.
Don't you think they're carrying this "TEAM Work" thing a tad too far?
Have you noticed Bernie has two more left sleeve buttons than me and one more than you.
Personally I don't see any redundancies here do you?
Just hold your end up and we'll do fine.
You ask him. I'm tired of being the middleman.
Next time I want to bring MY trombone in to work, Greg will be the one who holds the middle handle, while 2 differently walking people set the pace HE is suppose to walk.
Who's idea was it to bring the not-so-brief case.
This merger hasn't gone quite as I expected...
Do you think we should have brought a bigger one?
I know his hands are small, but I have never seen a president asking for such a big gun.
Our coffee mug has three handles too.
This is my first really big case--I'm glad you two agreed to help out.
Before your company's takeover I had my own case!
Now remember, when we get in there, we talk with one voice.
I'm sure she would have loved you if we had the right briefcase.
I'd help fellas, but I only make 79% of what you do so you should be able to handle it.
We'll show them what bureaucracy is.
Because his will specified the mail delivery tube, but he wouldn't fit
Some lawyers use legal-sized paper. I prefer illegal.
I don't mind sharing an office, but this is ridiculous...
Maybe we're taking this "Sharing Society" a little too far.
I'm telling you, when they ask us to play, don't go ape on me again........
They said board meeting, hence, I've brought a board.
hello
Let's hope we enjoy Take Your Firearms to Work Day.
The boss is heavier than he looks.
You can thank the geniuses in Mergers.
Next we change the light bulb.
Remember: BE the trifecta.
I love the new suitcase pool.
Our Company is certainly big enough to afford a permanent conference table.
Couldn't we just use Dropbox like everybody else?
Sales calls to the Pallbearers Union are always a bit different.
The preferred term is 'middle person'.
I was just made partner.
I told you, we should've just done a power point presentation.
I express my individuality through my socks.
Why was she staring at us?
We will win this big case!
It's never too lively at the Pallbearer's Convention
This being triplets thing is getting old!
This looks like it's going to be a long drawn-out case.
Want to share a cab?
just remember, its a base trombone
It's our latest smartphone.
Assisted living works for my mother.
I knew the judge would think our brief was too long.
Why am I always the middle man?
Judge wants to move this case along.
Flat Stanley deserves better
'Buy three suits, get a briefcase' sounded good at the store.
New union rules, all Uzis are a three man carry!
Yes, the iPhone 33S requires 3 people to carry it, but it fits so many apps on one screen!
Remember, the trick is to act invisible.
It's the terms AND the conditions
"No back seat driving, please." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
Your success as a lawyer depends on how well you can lengthen a case and create easy work for your partners!
We're filing the long form.
Cut it out, Johnson. Brakemen don't steer.
I hate it when he gets the six foot sub.
I never understood how being a team player mean't sharing a suitcase.
Please turn down the job downstairs!
And what did you think job sharing meant?
When they said I'd be in 'mergers and acquisitions' I had no idea.
When they said we’d get company shares, this isn’t what I had in mind.
With three guys on this case, we've definitely got them beat.
This brings 'working in tandem' to a whole new level.
Just think but for Trump we would never had the folding stretcher.
Have you guys heard any more about the downsizing?
Oh for god's sake, it's not like this is a bus.
Is there a turnstile?
So you're the new guy.
You'vd been snooping in my files.
I thought we'd never lay this case to rest.
They're not BRIEF case briefs.
How long have you been carrying for Uber Briefcase?
It's horizontally integrated manufacturing.
I think we've taken the carpool too far.
Just hope the doorman doesn't remember we were booked as a quartet!
What time is the bathroom break?
It fits the bill.
Why do you think it's called "carried interest"?
Let's just hope that the publishing world is ready for "Flat Stanley Grows Up."
He wanted a corporate burial service.
Then I'll say, 'Your honor, this case is not brief.'
It really is a three-man job.
Next year they'll let us start carrying our own briefcase.
Compared to a casket it's a piece of cake
I wonder why the wives were so upset this morning.
I'm not sure it's worth it just to be able to ride the express elevator.
The boss has really been going overboard with his Costco Business Membership.
It'll be hard to tweet about this.
share suit case day
It's the sharing economy, stupid.
Team work makes the dream work.
I think the benefits of file sharing were grossly exaggerated.
I know we saved on the airport luggage fee but don't you think it's time we each got our own travel bag?
I think an electronic shared folder would be more effective.
Thanks, guys. It's for my hot dog.
Just act natural. Pretend it's a xylophone.
As you can see with our new patented Casket Compression Technology™ pallbearing becomes a breeze.
No way; just a flatter viola!
Someday you'll carry me out of here.
You're definitely on the wrong side of this case.
A diva to the very end.
I'm rethinking the carpool.
I've heard of taking your work home with you, but this is ridiculous.
We've got to maintain the image that we're all in this together.
Not a brief brief
I hope this huuuge case distracted her from noticing our small hands.
We have to find someone to come up with a 'brief' case.
Three on three equals three.
No, don't open with 'next stop, the East River.'
First big case?
Downsize THIS.
When we go through security, I'll do the talking.
Next time I want to lead
Remember, we just deliver the check. Don't recommend a bank that can cash it. I try to avoid eye contact.
To be honest, when I signed up for the job-sharing program, I had a different arrangement in mind.
Play your cards right, you'll be standing on this side in two, three weeks.
This would be a lot easier if we all worked on the same floor.
Before you can carry the nuclear football, you have to master the atomic pool cue.
I worry that I'll never move beyond middle management.
I guess obesity took its toll on the poor dachshund.
I don't think it will be a good idea to call it a "brief".
Because CPA's don't have roadies, thats why
If at first you don't succeed, Tri, Tri, Tri again.
Welcome to the major case team
This better stop with your third-party filing.
Yes, it's a big deal.
This may prove cumbersome near the urinal.
It's a concealed weapon.
Unlocking the i-briefcase; this'll be good.
The jury will be delighted when we rest our case.
White Collar Crime Chain Gang
Any fonts larger than 36 pts have to take the service elevator.
It's true. The bigger the briefs, the sweeter the legal motion.
I told the judge it would be a long case.
The amateur pallbearers never practice.
This isn't what I thought the boss meant when he said this was a three-man case
I take it you clicked the service agreement without reading it, too?
The boss's new 72-inch laptop.
I'm starting to think that our holdings are too long.
I appreciate Big Data, I'm just not sure how to carry it.
This is the longest case we've ever worked on.
It's all very scientific. For creativity, it's left hands, controlling the right side of the suitcase.
The era of Big Data.
Ignore her comments. She's an individual briefcase kind of woman
This deal never had a chance.
I told her it's the iphone7+++
Mr. Trump's comb.
It may be the company briefcase, but I occupy the central position.
Do you even lift?
When is Charlie going to start carrying his own weight?
I'm so already over the sharing economy.
Strange he was so thin and wanted to be buried at work.
I told you this litigation case was huge.
Only one person can pull the trigger, you know.
Welcome to the chain gang.
Just wait 'til you see the bathrooms.
Yup, flat as a pancake.
Get it through your brain, Janice. We only have 3 handles!
Is it me, or do these payments keep getting bigger?
Death contracts should always be a one man job.
I just don't like representing shallow people.
It's nice to be on the case with you.
What do you mean 'Do I even lift?'
Do we make our presentation using Trump's logic or Hillary's principles?
The nuclear codes were a lot shorter before common core math.
Which one of us is the shooter?
Dave, I thought that we all agreed to carry the briefcase with our left hand?
Sorry Chad, we're looking for a man with slightly longer arms.
Trump's loudness keeps him small endowed .These back up body parts are becoming heavier and heavier
Johnson wanted to be buried in accounting.
Let's hope the doorman doesn't remember we were booked as a quartet!
Trump supporter by any chance?
You got a better way of getting him into the rally?
No, our arrangement will not include a wife.
It's good to see that they aren't trying to cut the middleman out of every transaction.
this working as a 'trio' really sucks
They're going to know we have cocaine in here unless you guys unpop your eyes.
You do realize that this is probably the longest legal brief of all times "You must realize that we may be carrying the longest legal brief of all times!
This "share your briefcase" rage will prove to be a fad.
The chairman's whole "stretch-limo" thing began when his ex said he had small hands.
I never thought that "Working together on big projects" would look like this.
He was the only guy who ever died wishing he'd spent more time at the office.
Nowadays we call it a "Chicago Digital Device"--very discrete in all its operations.
the dude we're carrying this huge sax for plays the most beautiful music
I wish the firm's password were shorter.
Next time, let's demonstrate teamwork on the cloud.
You stick out like a sore thumb. Next time you walk behind me and we all walk in unison.
"It's the sharing economy." That's all they said.
Whose idea was it to take the Big Data project to the conference?
Never take the stairs with this thing.
I really dread the subway ride.
Remember, you're the back-up to the back-up.
I didn't expect owning a medical marijuana dispensary together would create these money problems.
I think the Efficiency Department has gotten out of hand.
Vail or Breckenridge?
I love your hair
this is the last time we're filing and wearing the same suits.
Who needs guns when you have the case?
Peddle harder!
You are always too far left for us.
I think we should propose a merger of equals
You know - maybe three is a crowd, but two couldn't carry this thing, and it's an important presentation.
Think we'll be noticed?
If we assemble Dr. Carson early we can surely fix that anti-Trump glitch.
It is a rather lengthy brief.
Think they'll figure out we are not a string quartet any more?
Why did we all share one luggage?
Sorry, but Charlie and I don't need to go to the bathroom right now.
Don't drop it. This is the biggest case the Firm has had in years.
I hear Susan in the elevator is joining our team. We're going to need a bigger case!
Maybe he is the CEO, but why can't we just cut his sandwiches in half?
Ivana. Your mom?
You seem out of step with our corporate culture.
Your just wrong if your not on the right.
It took Jenkins there ten years, but he made it to head intern.
It's a proud office tradition, long board chess at lunchtime.
It took me awhile but I came around on the concept of car pooling , but this is going too far.
“Today are we Stooges, Bears, or Musketeers?
At our law firm we only use 8-1/2" by 70" extralegal paper.
I thought our job ended at the funeral, now we have to carry the will too?
High-rise mortuaries are the future, but the sales calls can be embarrassing.
I mean, you can't blame her for staring.
This will be my first threesome HOV elevator experience, can we go more than two floors?
So, you're on the other side of the case now.
I'm telling you, folding clothes is a thing of the past.
I know we're in a sharing economy, but this is ridiculous.
If anyone asks, we're here for the croquet tournament, okay?
Thanks, now you're part of the office in-crowd.
They say that the laptop caused the death of the briefcase.
You're offsides
Lucky for us the six-foot hero comes with a carrying case.
This case has gone on too long.
This attaché sharing thing is in the ozone.
Fine. Next week, YOU'RE the middleman.
Don't forget to mention our work for the Trilateral Commission.
I'm tired of being on the heavy metals demo team. Plus, I think it's making our eyes bug out of our heads.
I thought they called them briefs for a reason.
We probably don't need our documents in triplicate.
This was the only coffin that was available under Obamacare.
Hearse is double-parked around the corner.
I thought our Strudel Chart was perfect for our presentation
Yes, POTUS' list of potential Supreme Court nominees is getting quite long.
His testament clear stated: bury me at the office
In this case, it's not so brief.
I get those middleman comments all the time.
I haven't been this amazed since finding out Mark Wahlberg had a third nipple.
Must you always speak in the third person?
Slim deserved a better send off
Remember, if TSA asks, we packed this ourselves.
This team building is getting out of hand.
Harvey, people who get ahead around here, find their way to the right side of the briefcase.
Corporations are people too, but their coffins are more compact.
Call it what you want. It's still just a really big sandwich.
I wish mother wouldn't pack our lunches together.
Sorry, I can't share my stapler. I have to draw the line somewhere.
Now do you believe in economies of scale?
Remember, say we forgot the key. I'm betting your ventriloquism will be a killer ice breaker.
We work for a cooperation firm.
We've got a long case ahead of us.
I think that you're the one who's a team player, after all.
Tripartition was never my strong suit.
So you promise me this can stop Trump?
Should we still put him in the trunk?
This is my first big case.
My name isn't Malcolm
Talk about luck...three xylophone players in one office.
I don't really feel that I'm pulling my weight.
We may all be sharing the workload, but you guys are really doing the heavy lifting.
One guitar, three guitarists? That may be taking novelty too far.
I get off on the third, Jack on the second. You can handle it from there.
You right wingers are on the wrong side of this case
Car pooling is one thing....I think we look ridiculous
who's this guy in front of us?
He wasn't joking when he said "I'm building a case".
Trump wanted his family jewels insured by Lloyd's of London.
Sorry about that, the tacos I had at lunch are not agreeing with me.
why is everyone looking at us ? its just a large box (with goodies) from our office "run don't walk"
Tell me again why we printed out the terms of service.
Bloody team-building exercises.
Actually, Bill, it's quite rare for an extended case to have a single middle man.
It'll be noticed if you're not carrying your weight around here.
What makes you think anyone would sit through a presentation of FOLDING yardsticks?
I'm a little worried that the firm is in financial trouble since they can't afford to buy us individual briefcases.
Weren't we a team before this exercise?
Escalators and stairs are a bit more challenging.
What do you think of our new HOV elevator?
We should have drawn the line at ride sharing.
It's his golf clubs. He backed over them with his car.
Do you think Barney will notice if I let go?
This’ll make it easier to massage the numbers.
Job sharing is a joke.
Not every case can be brief
You forgot the missile launch codes ??!! Uh oh. Me too.
R&D had a heck of a time getting this down to three handles.
Next time we each carry our own lunchbox.
I think it's time to re-think interlocking directorates.
The flute paid the piper. This is his casket.
We'll need to show unity.
Just follow us.
Is the world ready for the folding harpsichord?
I'm the one doing the heavy lifting
What The Donald wants, The Donald gets.
I hope you have your concealed carry permit with you.
This is one heavy race card.
He's not heavy; he's our brother.
When I joined the Secret Service the last detail I expected to receive was carrying Donald Trump's hair around.
Don't worry about it. My cousin works for the TSA.
I reckon octets have to take the stairs.
I gotta be honest, I find elements of the merger demeaning.
When I was with Hoffman, Benson & Mars we were only licensed for the two handled case.
What happened to Chance.
Perhaps we're taking this UberPool thing too far
Of course, size matters
What are you looking at?
The boss always takes a long lunch.
Does this merger feel a bit awkward to you?
Sorry, we opted for the long form.
This arrived right after the executive team building workshop.
Somebody may say we look shifty, but we are just shifting hands.
Did anyone tell Ms. Myers that kids stay free?
I'm not sure renting a three man brief case is the best way to save money.
New protocol: All contracts carved in stone for Corporate directors.
That steamroller sure made pall bearing easier!
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Being your own man? Overrated.
I started off where you are. And look at me now!
I still haven't gotten used to the merger.
I thought for sure Cuban would have invested 200 grand for a 25 percent stake.
Being a roadie isn't the the thrill it used to be.
We bill in triplicate.
I think we've found the limits of the sharing economy.
We've decided to decrease our digital footprint.
Never heard of a three-man flute.
Small hands!
I had a feeling mandatory carpooling was a slippery slope.
Psst! On 'three' we drop it, OK?
I think we lost because we haven't mastered brief writing.
Since we are all dress alike, we are sure to land this new gig!
I'm not vulnerable, the IT dept. warned me about your man-in-the-middle attack, they said I'm protected. Must be that blond back there.
The two-handled version was so 2015.
Where does it say that southpaws should do any heavy lifting?
These office Go Green initiatives are really getting out of hand.
Why don't they make coffins like this?
Looks like we've really got things "handled" Todd... AMIRITE!!?!?! C'MON!!!
First job sharing, now this. I call it over-sharing.
Its a campaign contribution.
This wasn't my idea of a triumvirate.
Quit complaining. The hips are always the heaviest.
And job sharing hits a new low.
Don't you hate these treble damage cases?
They only allow one carry-on.
Do you think I should wear a rose in my lapel? I think it would look more official.
Yeah, just in time to catch the final four.
It's the 'team player' concept run amuck!
When you enter the conference room be sure not to bump into the door
The hard part was getting the oconcrete off his feet."
The last remains of traceability in default swaps.
I suppose she thinks a WOMAN should hold the next handle!
Yeah, but just wait until you see the new legal pads!
Now we all get paid for overtime.
Bill Gates said the "middle man" would be extinct.
Look. We're paid to stretch things out.
There's no way I could have taken this case on my own.
Bernie honestly isn't as bad for Wall Street as I was expecting.
It's a new feature of our work share program.
I don’t care if you have a blister. Get over here. We look stupid.
Just think how "Handled my firm's largest cases" will look on your resume.
I hope our next President simplifies the diversity regulations.
Shouldn't we stagger which side we're each on?
The D.A. said that this would be a long case.
I think people are starting to get the wrong idea.
Car pooling? Sure. Briefcase pooling? Really annoying.
President Trump wanted a huge button.
Next time just pretend you sneezed.
Okay, wise guy, next time YOU put the mambas into the briefcase!
This custom made laptop belongs to our very obese boss.
Wait till you see what the team building experts have done with the toilets.
You just have to draw attention to yourself, don’t you?
It gets us in the cafeteria HOV line.
Remember its your turn this time to request it as a carry-on.
After seven years, I find out today that he keeps the launch codes in his jacket pocket.
I told you, bigger is better.
Once we get started just take your cue from us.
Don't you think this Shared Economy thing has gone too far?
An awkward team-building exercise seemed like a fitting tribute.
Trump-Mat
Just ignore the sensitive documents in case the papers shifted around.
Think of it as flattening the hierarchical structure, one supervisor at a time.
It's important that we carry our own weight at this company.
Dibs on the pudding cup.
Seems like the briefs keep getting longer and longer.
Thanks for helping me bring my stuff to the trial today. It should be a brief case.
They said I was joining a team with upward mobility.
They won't accept a Bank's check for their condo.
REMEMBER,WE ARE ALWAYS IN AGREEMENT.
Since it didn't fit in the elevator, I guess we'll have to take the stairs to the 97th floor.
These team building exercises are getting cumbersome.
Am I the only one who thinks this isn't the way to end outsourcing?
Team-building Tuesday is really making me hate both of you.
Don't feel funny-a lot of us share the same briefcase.
Light as a feather...stiff as a board.
These team building exercises are getting awkward.
This is the longest brief I've ever filed.
What does management not understand about 'brief'?
The judge is right, you've got to shorten the length of your briefs
I guess we're having another sleepover.
When were you gonna tell me you forgot the key?
Are you sure this is what they meant by triplicate?
So, what's the plan for when those burritos start screamin' at me?
It's not an open and shut case.
If you fit, we'll sneak you out next.
Trust me, middle management is nothing to aspire to.
Big case today.
Alright, How would YOU pack a snake collection?
Ted just always has to be first handle.
I feel funny bringing him into work this way.
Now Roger, you know how Wilbur trips when you get on that side of the case.
We're more left than you are even though we're on the right side.
Why is everyone getting on my case?
How much further can we stretch this case?
Next week we're doing potluck.
I have my shift at 5:00 and a concert at 4:00.
It took me years to move up to middle management.
Does this equate to larger paychecks?
steamroller accident
I love carpooling with you guys, but I don't think I'm ready for this next step.
You might think she never saw men share the same briefcase before.
Are we having another sleepover?
They salesman said there is no such thing as a 'briefer' case.
We didn't fold it, I can't say if it is bent or mutilated.
Twenty-five years to settle the Fender estate.
Whose house tonight?
Must you always take the opposing side of every case?
You know, I've been saying it for years, but I really think Mr. Thompson is too liberal in his use of the term "brief".
The big warheads require three buttons.
We'll call it the not so briefcase.
On the other hand, our billable hours have tripled.
Take this dead deal to the cemetery of the re-leased, re-poed, and retired.
This way none of us can be fired.
Follow me; I lead from the middle.
I guess 3 does not = company, after all.
It's capricious and arbitrary.
Ironically, I stopped carpooling.
And I thought sharing an office was bad.
She acts like she's never seen guys share a briefcase before.
Did she just ask for directions to the Texas School Book Depository?
This is a two man job, new guy. Watch your back.
All the pallbearing industry needed was a little professionalizing.
So kid , how'd you like your first day in the ironing board business ?
Chill. There is no "I" in attache case.
You're lucky, last month was Group Hug Fridays.
I thought I said one Hero sandwich for each of us.
This should show them that the " Father, Son and Holy Spirit" is a real name for our company.
I don't know why but I just feel like our proposal is going to be dead on arrival.
Just sharing my briefcase
Ironically, the brief is actually quite short.
Act normal when we get to the airport.
How do you think she guessed we work at a surfboard company?
I'll take it odd days; you two split the rest.
There is nothing brief about this brief case.
Long-term projections?
Share an office? Why?
We're glad you were assigned to the big case. We needed another guy.
Everyone is going to think this ramrod is a briefcase.
Are you sure triplicate wasn't referring to something else?
I hate being under office arrest.
No, I don't think this team-building stuff has gone a little too far.
The judge said he dislikes long briefs.
Make no small plans.
Is being on the Left a political statement?
I never thought I'd be an attorney for the Pallbearer's Union?
Short sales are so much easier to execute.
Holding up your end of the deal gets tricky on the commute.
I hope you remembered the fulcrum.
New top secret weapon: Death by Powerpoint
It's an all hands meeting
So my daughter tells me we should be worried about this thing called "the cloud".
I'm feeling redundant
I do believe we're onto something with this accelerated, on-the-spot, three-on-one, good-guy-bad-guy, captive elevator approach!
Next time we file a brief, we should use a narrower font.
It's "our" report, but Slide 27 is all me.
It's a masseuse table, now get over it!
"When she said she wanted a 'rub out', I thought she meant a massage, not a 'hit man.'
It's called "synergy"...
Does holding this section of our bag make me look gay?
After the steam roller ran him over, his family decided against our normal coffin.
Tomorrow we go to your office, Frank.
'Nice suit, I like your briefcase.' Of course she was talking to me.
It was easier when they really were briefcases.
I've always preferred the attache style.
I can't believe they thought our script was too long.
Get ready, this is gonna be a long case!
Why do they always want small unmarked bills?
Loman requested that we honor his passing in this manner.
Middle management has both advantages and disadvantage.
If he says no, you cover the door while Larry and I break out the long form
I figure two years on this briefcase, go to get my MBA, and then develop an app that disrupts an an outdated industry.
I'm beginning to hope it's a gun.
I don't know what's inside, anymore than you do....
Next time we should go for the premium file-sharing service.
Forget the ergonomic benefits, this has a real fun factor!
Some people won't go anywhere without their ping pong table.
There are downsides to the sharing economy.
Are you sure we aren't taking the merger too literal?
Real men use Big Boy attaché cases.
I hate these long, drawn-out arguments.
We are definitely getting promoted, we landed the biggest case!
On this case you're co-co-counsel.
Having their long briefcase idea rejected again, the three salesman had no idea what to do next, until fate intertwined in an unusual and silly sequence of events with the elevator that led them into Hollywood slapstick.
Wait! Where's our lunchbox?
The banging, I can explain...but, do you hear someone screaming?
You always tend to have a leftist's perspective.
Next they are going to merge us into one big one.
Shh, there's illegal-sized paper inside.
Kind of ironic that the boss still calls this a "brief"-case.
Can't believe TSA didn't blink
Briefcase share, not so much.
Let's just slide the bill under the door.
We're carrying the donuts for the meeting.
A machine gun would be really cool. But this is a bass clarinet.
Our presentation may go a bit longer than planned
I'm the new Pedi-Uber.
I can't believe we didn't think to Ubercase sooner.
We couldn't have chosen a *brief*case?
I never bring a knife to a boardroom fight.
So which one of us gets to play tonight?
Not the brief case we had hoped for.
Well why not, we car pool don't we?
I know management wants us to collaborate, but what happens to our March Madness pool?
Trust me - if accounting knows we have a 6-foot sub we'll never get rid of them
I don't know, Barry. What if we never meet three fraternal triplet sisters carrying a tri-purse? Maybe that stuff only happens in the movies.
It's my week to get the window seat at the desk.
Do you think our coworkers will be able to tell we're Sanders supporters?
Hey, know what? We would make *great* pallbearers.
I get that your trombone broke. But do we really have to carry it like we are pallbearers?
I guess you could say we're... three-briefing.
Remember, I have front handle at pretrial.
I do not work on this floor anymore.
"Ben, I just want to say two words about the future....Are you listening to me?" "Telescopic Pointers!" (Pissy little take on The Graduate)
Well, the boss is just keeping his promise to create jobs and promote diversity.
Well, that was easy. I imagine the restroom will be a little tougher.
We’re putting the band back together.
This was supposed to be a job for one-handed couriers.
I've been having a hard time managing my caseload lately.
It was your idea to file the long form.
No, this doesn't mean I will be bringing my work, and you, home with me.
If we put this down she'll ask us to rearrange her office again.
It's a bargain compared to the briefcase for two.
Remember what they told us, it's "all for one, and one for all".
Most power trios only have one guitar, but this is ridiculous.
Tinker has the direct, I'll take cross, and Chance, you close.
You have the other key, I forgot mine!
Do you really believe this briefcase is full of 60 inch hoagies for the board meeting?
I understand the firm needs to cut costs, but we still deserve individual briefcases.
Remember, it's a LAPStop.
I'm afraid the firm's experiment with six-foot legal pads is not turning out the way we'd hoped.
They're nerds like us. We pitch them that size does matter. 'The XXXLphone - chick magnet. So big it takes three men to carry.' What do you think?
Threesome. Threeway. Three's Company. What else did we hear today?
We're anticipating a long trial.
I never dreamed I'd be honored with the privilege of helping transport Mr. Trump's ego.
It's for our crowd sourcing presentation.
This isn't working for me; I want to go back to having my own briefcase.
Oh, good--now we can get in the HOV hallway.
Let's take this thing.
Our shared hot desk is down this way.
Ever handled a case this big?
Sorry, Brian—you’re off the Henderson case.
Do you think the matching suits are too much?
This has to be the worst team building exercise ever
Looks like our ex-wife is on our again.
If you ask me, Uber's briefcase sharing service leaves a lot to be desired.
It's gonna' be hell when he asks for the nuclear codes."
Aren't there limits to this teamwork concept?
Look out Johnson & Johnson, here comes Gary, Gary & Gary.
You're the one who complained about your caseload.
I hadn't realized he'd lost this much weight.
Actually, getting to carry "The Big Briefcase" is considered quite an honor!
So, whatever happened to the concept of "brief"case?
I'm in for Lars, he was promoted to the satchel unit.
Always prepare for conference calls.
They will agree to settle before we even open it.
This job sharing isn’t what I thought.
The case was tricky, but the whole firm had a handle on it.
Gun control.
It looked a lot cooler on the Sky Mall website.
Wait till you see our men's room.
FORGET about trying to cut out the middle man!
I know Bill's work was his life, but we should have used a casket.
So my wife says, ‘Why don’t you each get your own briefcase?’ Women, right?
It's the only real way to move a billion dollars.
Your tie is making people stare.
Right handedness means nothing in this business
Whose side of the briefcase are you on, anyway?
Yes, I realize I should have checked the paper settings on the printer.
That's what she said!
It's a new type of briefcase that guaranties we work together!
So how does this work with carry-on?
When they announced the death of polls, new jobs opened up for pollbearers.
He says 'coming about', you shift to the starboard side.
If it was good enough for Tinkers to Evers to Chance in baseball, it's got to be good enough for us.
We need to refine our Elevator pitch.
I replaced my BRIEF-case with this long-winded version.
There's only one "me" in teamwork, Alex.
"I still don't know how my transfer is going to work".
Because we're a team, Bob, a single unified team.
If they catch us climbing the corporate ladder from the top floor we'll be blackballed.
I'll be Curly this time.
Remember how Nixon had an 'Enemies List?' This is Mr. Trump's 'Losers List.'
Yes, you're right, the handcuffs would have been totally overdressed.
It's just like a merger.
If we can sell square bowling balls, we can sell anything.
I'm a team player, but I'd still prefer separate office chairs.
Yes, Wally, it's obvious if the loot is in laundry bags.
As a former pallbearer, this way is a dream come true.
"That
Someday I hope to work my way up to first handle.
In five years, I'm gonna be the guy holding the front handle.
We also have to screw in a light bulb today.
They said it would take about three attorney's to handle this case...
That's just the way it is, least seniority gets the back handle.
Share a cab?
You've really lightened our caseload.
He stays in step better than you do.
Downsizing? It isn't a matter of time here, it's a matter of how.
You know our side will always carry more weight.
Good thing we're roommates...
Instead of all the fine print, we've started using longer paper.
Your desk or mine?
Do YOU feel more autonomous carrying out these team-building exercises?
''Why do I feel like a middle child.''
''We are not taking a bus.''
Thanks guys. I have a few CVS receipts to submit with my expense report.
I'm getting tired of these class-action cases.
Anyone for a triple martini?
This is the weirdest themed funeral.
Can you remember the choreography to switch hands?
''Wish I was briefed first.''
It's the best pool cue in the house.
These slim fit caskets are the best.
I'm not totally sure this is reducing our carbon footprint.
Why do I have this feeling our pitch is already D.O.A.?
I'm holding up both ends.
The boss wants this to go smoothly.
Briefly, we rest our case.
Shhhh---we got him with a bulldozer.
I can't wait until we go digital.
They said that I would never be a team player. What do you think?
She asked for a three-way.
We are making strides on ethnic diversity, but gender diversity still needs work...
I know I said, "Let's lay that idea to rest." But come on!
Our inclusive workplace is counter-balanced by our uniforms.
Just like I said, she wasn't going to notice it as anything out of the ordinary.
If Doublemint sold, Quadrillionmint will conquer.
Are you guys here for the accounting job too?
Remember, Bob, it's like a canoe. If you walk too quickly you'll keep steering us into the wall.
They say the company plans layoffs, something about job redundancy?
You've got to start pulling your weight around here, Jenkins.
Just think of how long it took us to get a handle on this.
Remember…tight on the left turns …and take it wide on the rights.
Wait 'til you see the bathroom stalls.
We make wide turns.
Does a promotion mean i ... keep this? Or get rid of it?
Wow, the briefcase-pool express elevator totally cuts our commute time!
Do YOU think horizontal integration has gone too far?
Three single briefcases weren't in the budget
When will the boss' obsession for baguettes come to an end?
Did you really think this would work as a carry-on?
Do YOU want to tell the boss what happened to his pet boa constrictor?