It's my new weight loss program!
Had enough, big shot?
You're overcompensating for a weak second chakra.
How much bliss do you need?
No, I don't want a magic carpet ride.
Yahtzee!
I'm afraid this is something we're just not flexible on.
Don't ever come back.
First Yoga, then we get rid of the body.
I know we said we'd do more stuff together but...
I'm sorry, but the other students are experiencing mat envy.
I don't care if it's a genuine Persian yoga mat, it doesn't meet health and safety standards and I could loose my licence!
No, chakras do not come in chocolate, strawberry, or vanilla.
Dude, it smells like somebody peed on it.
In retrospect, this may have been too much of a stretch for a first date.
No.....we don't rugs here.
Don't unravel Cleo until everyone arrives.
First day?
Is the snow that deep or are the new neighbors midgets?
Eminent domain doesn't apply here, Mr. Trump.
I suggest you use a mat that's not older than yoga.
Downward facing shag rug is not a yoga position.
Are you by any chance a Trump supporter?
Let me guess. Your downward dog is a Great Dane.
The carpet cleaners are around the corner.
You misunderstood, I asked for a hug!
They were having a rug sale
That mat needs to stay in our lobby, sir.
We're all enrolled for the year. Try Bow Up Yoga at Columbus and 90th.
Yoga mats are SO expensive now a days
This is not a spiritual exercise class.
You're late.
Men who wear ball caps and white socks are not welcome here.
Let me guess - bean burritos for lunch?
Sorry, but Mr. Trump owns the building and he said no Persians.
Your reputation here’s gone downward, dawg.
When my wife drags me to yoga.
I'm sorry, but we can't be flexible.
Our yogis use mats not bats.
My downward dog had worms
Carpet flying is the next session.
I can't afford to pay for a Persian carpet.
Have you seen the instructor?
Don't worry, Afghans are welcome here.
So, are we ever gonna meet this friend of yours, Cleopatra?
"His Dudeness", Tia chi is next door.
I hope that's a flying carpet and you're lost.
We currently do not offer a family plan.
We run a reputable establishment. No carpetbaggers allowed here.
That's not my area.
Bow Down Yoga isn't right for everyone.
I don't care if it's got Cleopatra in it, you have to use ours.
Sorry, our artisanal yoga class is Saturday.
You want the flying lessons; that's up on the roof level.
Where am I going to put this? I'll tell you where.
Please stop referring to it as the doggie pose, Lewis.
And the miller he has served him worse than that, for he's ground him between two stones.
Planning on staying a while?
That rug really tied the room together.
In yoga, less is more and more is less.
Already I'm thinking this class might not be right for you.
Okay, so you obviously didn't pay the extra $5.00 to rent a yoga mat.
No baseball caps allowed.
How do I say this...that's NOT a yoga mat. THAT is a conversation starter with your therapist."
Good disguise, Pizza Boy, but I think the delivery was for next door.
Your place or mine?
'Roll up Yoga' is down the block.
I don't care if Mrs Palin's been rolled up for hours Mr Trump's office is upstairs.
Being male doesn't entitle you to extra floor space in class.
You can stay but no grunting or high fiving this time.
No, I'm pretty sure yoga comes from further east.
We don't permit ohm decorating.
There's no such thing as a 'family' size mat.
It's okay, as long as you sit on it and don't light up.
We don't do casual Fridays.
Yes sir, I realize you don’t go anywhere without your ‘ruggie,’ but you really need a yoga mat.
You may have special needs, I have a rug in my lobby.
Extreme Yoga is next door.
I guess in some cases we do judge here.
Some flexibility is required, you understand.
Just a thought, natural wool may chafe.
If its a magic carpet, make it smaller.
Leave you mat and your ego at the door.
'It Ain't Yogi 'Till It's Yoga is across the street.'
Persian yoga? Never heard of it.
If that's shag, I want you in front of everyone.
I hope this is the new rug for my office.
Sorry, your mat's not gluten-free.
Put the body over with the others.
Perhaps you'd be more comfortable at Party Down Yoga?
Does that thing fly ?
You can't take it with you.
Unfortunately, our schedule does not allow time for a ceremony to honor Mr. Berra.
The Persian meditation class is next door.
Your Suburban and Bar-B-Que are double-parked.
You must become one with the exit.
No, man spreading isn't a yoga pose.
First yoga class?
You're here to ogle women, aren't you?
A NFL Linebacker is a new client
Hug on a rug is not a yoga exercise.
That will be useful for when you pass out and we have to move you.
No, Alladin, I do not wish to try a new position with you on your magic carpet!
You must be looking for the class that we don't offer.
No matt, eh? No matter. It's namas day.
We would like it if you would say it's time to unwind, not unroll.
Sorry, flying lessons are next door.
These better be natural fibers.
We have parking for flying carpets behind the building.
Sod off.
Capitalist foo1! Already have missile plans!
I brought one big enough for two.
Magic Carpet rides are two doors down on the left.
I specifically asked for a mat that will not kill'em, not a guy named Matt with a knotted Kelim.
Ommm, you're in my way.
FYI this is a yoga class.
I'm afraid yoga is more of a mid-century modern lifestyle.
yoga is not a magic carpet ride!
Maybe you'd be happier at Cousin Eddie's Yoga Barn.
The Dude lives downstairs.
Flying carpet lessons are next door.
Yogis don't teach you how to fly like Aladdin.
I use it for my Lazy Elephant" pose.
I'm not allowed to tell you where to put it.
You must be our lucky 'free trial' winner.
Unfortunately, we are not flexible on mats.
Unfortunately, size matters here.
This is what I meant when I told you, "you will need to bring a soft pad for the class".
I think you want Aladdin's Studio next door.
No must stay.
Are you sure your father's mat wasn't for sumo wrestling?
No, I'm sorry. We don't offer group rates.
Shall we begin with a couple of suggestions.
Breathe deeply before you respond.
How can you expect people to relax when they know you only paid the regular price?
My wife sent me here to relax. Where does the tv go?
We lie on our mats not fly on them.
And then weight it down and dump her in the river.
No rugs, sir. Not painful enough.
A natural mat was not a requirement
It's only a 30 minute session. There's no need to bring nesting material.
All yoga mats are oriental rugs, but not all oriental rugs are yoga mats.
I don’t care if it IS a magic carpet.
In your case, the 'First Class Free' promotion was a bad idea....
Ugh - manspreading.
Please don't bring it again. It smells like one too many downward dogs.
Let's start with the issue of the potato chips falling off your rung.
We're promoting mat diversity.
Not sure what happened to her but the body is in the back room.
Put Mr. Christie's mat on the far right.
No sir, that is a rug. You can't achieve inner peace on a rug, I'm sorry.
Magic carpets are not allowed!
Size does matter
Sorry, Persian yoga is next door.
This will give new meaning to rug burn.
This class is not for posers
I'm not sure who told you that, but I can't help you fly that thing.
At least your clothing is appropriate this time, Aladdin.
'Let me guess -- it's either this or detention."
Flight leaves in four minutes. $50 surcharge for overweight baggage.
I think you want the Persian yoga studio down the street.
Why must males always have bigger equipment?
Bro Yoga is two doors down.
No rug. No shoes. No you.
King of the Hill did a funnier version of this joke 12 years ago.
It's the seventh inning stretch that makes yoga so like baseball.
Orientals are no longer PC sir.
If she's actually dead, I don't think yoga can help.
thank you but I did want his body buried with the rug.
They call me Downward Doug
Thanks for coming to today's doga class, but next week you must bring your dog to participate.
You said bring a yoga mat, so I borrowed one from Aladdin.
The outfit is O.K. but NO on the mat.
That will be $40 for four spots!
This isn't feng shui yoga.
' Sorry, but no yoga Matthews allowed"
Need the extra padding,do we,softie.
Oh, I'm just here for the cucumber water.
No snoring this time.
I can see you're new to this class.
Even when you try to do things I love you irritate me.
For the hundredth time, I don't want a carpet!
Sorry, I don't think you just flew in from Persia.
Did you want restorative or remedial?
Sorry, Persian Yoga for Beginners is on Wednesdays.
Sorry, we don't need it anymore. Thankfully she bowed out.
Yes, I can see there is room for two on your mat.
You're not allowed to relax unless you have the right attire.
No, we can't teach your magic carpet to fly.
Let me guess -- just got divorced?
Why, of course we have a hip-hop, 'living large' version of Bikram-Hatha-Astanga yoga, sir.
You're really challenging my bliss right now.
I'm going to put a leash on your Down Dog if you keep marking your territory this way.
No, it won't tie the room together Mr. L.
What do you mean your downward dog isn't housebroken?
I thought you were called Big Matt for a different reason.
Welcome to Bow Down Yoga.
Yo. Go.
I'm afraid that's too much of a stretch.
Only if it flies.
You got a lot of swag.
Mixed metaphors are unwelcome in this space.
Actually, I can shove my head there
100% organic cotton makes me being connected with nature.
A Persian carpet? Our trainer banned them since Obama's nuclear deal.
Umm, are you here for the course on "sacred masculinity" ? I'm afraid you're a bit early !
Your family will participate?
Okay, but I hear one song from Alladin and you're out of here.
No, no - I said check out the Magic Carpet Yoga Mat at Anthro. Completely different.
Only if you can make it fly.
We have rules! One person on a mat, not an entire little league on one mat.
It's for my down dog.
An Oriental rug isn't going to make Yoga any easier!
This does NOT count as a romantic gesture.
Compensating, are we?
This class is for YOGA people, not YOGI (BERRA) people!
"Downward dog" isn't what you think it is.
My yogi is a real bear
Sorry, your mat is not synthetic enough.
Paleo yoga is tomorrow.
You anti-yogite bastard.
Carefull,I can still see his feet.
"Remnants only!
Floor space is limited; so lose the rug.
The gymnastics class is in the basement.
Of course you did.
Yogi's carpet repair is next door.
I think it best if you step over to the mirror and decide if you'd be a good fit for this studio. Namaste.
And I say you can't nama-'stay'.
Since this is all hocuspocus anyway, I figured I'd just use my magic carpet here instead of a yoga mat.
I don't care if that's how they did it in Persia.
What is it about "Size doesn't matter" that you don't understand?
Let's focus on your attachment hunger today.
You still have to take this class smartypants and I know your baseball bat is inside the carpet.
Let me guess. You've been reading the 'Tips' column in Maxim.
This is a traditional Yoga studio. Polyvinyl Chloride mats only.
Bro-ga doesn't start until 10.
Assume the turn-around-and-get-the-hell-out-of-here pose, please.
I don't know if sun salutations are more effective if you are hovering above ground.
Yes, it matches the drapes, but you took those too.
You're right, sir, Yoga originated in Asia - but your mat is still inappropriate and, frankly, offensive.
Sorry, we are no longer accepting Groupon
I understand your need to reduce the confusion, Matt, but that's a rug....
I think you're over compensating.
I'm sorry, we're here to create harmony and balance in our minds and bodies, and to break through the oppressive barriers that we face here in the western world. You just don't look like you'll fit in here.
I was hoping to share.
I think you got my order wrong - I ordered a Persian yoga mat, not carpet.
In order to connect body and mind and to escape from this hectic, materialistic world, you’ll have to replace the clothes and mat with branded yoga gear and sign up at least 20 minutes in advance using your phone or risk losing your spot.
The Big Lebowski body roll class begins Saturday.
Honey, you will find competitiveness is not the pathway to Tantra!
over compensating for our short comings?
Feeling beautiful comes from confidence.
I've told you, its not all about the size of the mat
The Buddha didn't say much about the Homestead Act.
I'm guessing this is your first yoga class.
Namaste and chill later?
Bow Down Yoga is a no manspreading zone.
"Bro-Ga" has been cancelled.
Poser.
I said yoga mat, not Yoda mat.
I agree an oriental rug reduces stage cable clutter and improves acoustics ... you realize yoga doesn't care?
That's not what Persian yoga means.
Artificial turf is next door.
Carpetbagger.
I can overlook the outfit and the rug, but 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' is not a mantra!
It's a fair trade rug from an Ashram in India.
Magic Carpet Ride Monday was yesterday.
Remember, speak softly and carry a big shovel.
Yes, size does matter in Yoga, but lose the rug!
You're making us, like, way too uptight.
You should have namastayed at home.
Your dust is clouding my chakra.
Maybe you could leave manspreading to the subways?
I knew Odysseus Grant. He was a charming man. You don't command of a half million men without taking a drop.
Our advanced class is in the next room.
Only mats, no carpets please!
Sir, you'll have to remove your footwear.
I think first we should discuss the way in which you parked your car.
Get Down Dawg
You can't bring that in here, Doobie.
I'm sorry, but we are no longer allowed to practice the Thief of Bagdad pose due to FAA regulations.
Sure, we can cure your backache.
Try to think of yoga as everything that you are not.
Take your fat ass to a barn, somewhere!
You want Man Cave Naps. They are two doors south of here.
Your mat is culturally incorrect.
You don't look very stretchy.
You must expect to be someone's next project.
It's not my fault your downward-facing dog isn't house trained.
What, the hat?
No 'flying carpet' is needed for Yogic flying.
You'll never achieve enlightenment with those socks and shoes.
The "Aladdin" auditions are next door.
Listen, I've put up with you bringing your sod to class the last few weeks, but keeping your shoes on? I simply cannot allow that in my class
I don't care if your name is 'Big Matt,' your Chakra today is 'scram.'
The baseball cross-training class starts next week.
This isn't a grateful dead concert
No, I don't want to shag.
Sorry sir, we don't offer fringe benefits at this studio.
No, I will not 'trade you.'
Y'know, a racist Oriental carpet isn't going to make this any easier.
A thousand mile journey begins with but a single step
The Instructor will no longer judge your warrior 2 pose...
It's about freeing your body, not tying the room together.
How much mat lies matter.
Transcendence begins by removing the hat.
My guess is that the 8:00 session probably has the best hooters.
I'm not sure that enlightenment will do you any favors.
A mix of hot yoga and body wraps.
That's not a real Yogi's mat!
No, I don't know which direction points to Mecca.
Welcome to our diversity outreach program.
This is the crossfit gym, right?
I said, "Carpe Diem", not "Carpet Today".
I feel like you're laboring under some serious misapprehensions here.
and does it have underlay ?
So you think a combo yoga mat, prayer rug and magic carpet satisfies diversity?
You here for Persian yoga, or Oriental?
Hi madam, My name's Wilbur, and I'm here to join your yoga class. I figure, if all else fails me, I can count on my magic carpet.
Are you overcompensating for something?
Namaste Dammit
Yes, we do the dog pose, but you can't bring your dog to class.
I'm surprisingly OK with the hat, wrist bands, and rug, but I just can't look past the tube socks.
In the future, Ms. Cleopatra, you are going to need to use the front door like everyone else.
I'm sorry, as a standing rule we generally don't let our students use carpet tacks or glue for enhanced traction, but we'll take the use of duct tape under advisement.
It's about spiritual liberation not a magic carpet ride.
Am. I. Speaking. Slowly. Enough. For. You?
Yes, everyone was impressed, but let's keep it on the floor next week, Doug.
Hopefully, this week when you unroll your mat, a body won't tumble out again.
Magic Carpet won't make you lose 20 lbs.
I know they all look plain, but I'm still not interested!
Sorry, we're not that flexible.
You do realize that shoes and socks are not acceptable
No, sorry, it's not a whole new world yet.
Please tell your Mother this isn't day care, and I know a dining room rug when I see one!
Look, Aladdin, you're welcome to stay, but please no flying this time. It distracts the others.
No, a yoga mat. Not a flying carpet.
NOmaste.
Don’t be surprised if you get called on the carpet someday.
Please find your breath elsewhere.
You can use the rug but the lounge chair and umbrella have to go.
The redneck yoga location is by the trailer park.
Surprise me, you were thrown out of the house, and you're planning on staying until she takes you back. Right?
No, I’m Jeanie with a J.
Go home, meditate about everything you brought, then don't come back.
You're sure this one can elevate me to a higher power?
That's a stretch.
First day of retirement?
A traditional yoga mat is required. I don't care if you expand when you sweat.
What so I'm no longer welcome here with my yoga carpet?
You can't wear a hat in here.
Size does matter here.
You will be charged double for that sized mat!
I'm being inflexible?
Bow Down Yoga does not allow positions that would require a mat that size.
Yes, you brought a large mat, but you still have to take your shoes off.
This is "Bow Down Yoga". The "Moving Man Yoga" is next door
Aladdin's flying carpet repair shop is two blocks east.
I think you heard me. I said "That was zen, this is tao."
Up, up and away is not your Mantra!
You are not in the wilderness, you are not earning your Eagle Badge, and that's not a Yoga mat !
Hmmm. Let me meditate on that one. ...
Not surprisingly, you have established the limit of yoga's capacity to alter one's life force.
I specialize in oriental yoga.
I bow to your wish.
I don't care if it is a flying carpet. Take it outside.
I'm sorry, but you can't "audit" this class.
Does that look like a yoga mat to you?????
Relax, I'm Muslim
I think there was a misunderstanding. You were asked to bring a yoga mat, not a yoga carpet.
Welcome to my yoga studio, ma'am
How long have you had these anger issues?
We find our current fad here quite satisfactory at the moment, thank you.
No, Imma Stay is not our greeting.
The magic carpet classes are upstairs.
We're not here for a slideshow.
You sweat a lot?
'Downward Dude' isn't a pose.
Bikram...not Big Rug
You're karmic vibes are telling me you have anger issues with her!
When did mats.com have a retro sale?
The Third-Age Yoga Studio is next door.
Yogic Manspreading has been cancelled today.
Larry, in here size doesn't matter.
The ad said, "Get rid of body tension here".
Please never bring that to a bikram class again.
At least the stunt at crossfit had some edge.
When you told the class you were at outlier, I had something else in mind.
You don't have the proper smile on your face to participate!
Look what the shaggy dog dragged in.
Let me guess -- you're voting for Trump.
The shag lessons are next door.
While I appreciate that you have personal space issues, ...
Here's the deal, you pay the fee, you buy the mat and, then I don't care what you do.
No, in this case size really doesn't matter.
Yoga's about breath, not breadth.
The 70's shag remnant is safe but the tube socks have to go !
The studio does not allow astro-turf, you need a yoga mat.
You'll have to pay for two spots with that rug.
Did you bring a magic lamp as well, Aladdin?
Persian yoga is Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I'm here to see a-hole new world.
I think you're looking for Yogi Berra Yoga down the block.
Sorry, but that outfit and that mat are only for home use.
we really don't allow solicitors.
This is Hatha. You want Berra.
Most expensive mat is not a part of our program.
The Forced Fiance Fun Salutation class is down the hall.
Only if you're not paying in Lira as well.
I swear it's just yoga, not flying carpet lessons.
This is Yoga class, not Yoda class.
I'm pretty flexible, but this is pushing it.
You say it's sweat absorbing and gluten free?
Sorry, but your comfort level must not exceed what we provide here.
Well it's better than Mr. Drew's bear skin.
I told you to bring a mat, not your flying carpet.
You've never been to a yoga class before, have you?
Son, a real man doesn't blame his tools.
Can you help me unwind?
Aladdin lives next door.
Persian carpet yoga is across the hall.
Hot yoga doesn't mean what you think it does. Try the massage parlor next door.
I'm sure it is magic, but we are a little more down to earth, here.
Bro-ga is on Tuesdays.
Yes, we are welcoming, and I'm sorry your parents kicked you out. But, no, you can't move in.
We have a dress code.
So that's whay they call you "big" Matt
If that's not made of wheatgrass, get it out of here.
Sorry, Cleopatra didn't sign up for this session.
You just don't have that special Bow Down Yoga attitude.
The lodge is next door!!
Size matters.
Sorry, the class for overcompensaters is on Tuesdays.
Your safe space is intruding on my safe space.
I couldn't fit into my wife's yoga pants.
My wife is lost in thought. Can you please tell her that she promised the kid's that she would take them to the park today?
The drapes don't match EVERY carpet dorkwad.
Never the less sir,size matters.
Is Jasmine teaching today's class ?
You're entirely welcome here, but the corpse has to be outside.
I disagree. I don't think we need to add a class called "Bro-ga"
I think the room is already tied together just fine, thank you.
I can't believe you showed up without your yoga pants again.
Yeah, you're probably the more likely to occur before a cartoonist draws a black person in a yoga studio. IDK why it's called "Bow Down Yoga".
I'm sorry, this is a no-fly zone.
Do you see our logo? We want sleek.
It's for my political yogis following the campaign--they need a bigger rug to sweep the bull under.
The flying carpet class is on the third floor!
No, we can't accommodate man spreading
I'm sorry but you'll have to leave,we don't do shag
First time I presume...
Bow Wow Dog Training is down the street.
Sorry you misunderstood Matt.
Global warming is coming, so l'm striking while l can.
No, I would not like to go for a 'magic carpet ride'.
No 'manspreading' here either, please.
Sorry, but mats with fringes aren't allowed.
Next class, please don't fly around the room so much.
Are you disposing of a body?
Sir , It's Bow Down not Bedouin Yoga .
I say no to rugs.
There is no missionary position in Yoga.
"Naw, must stay," Sandra insisted.
No, we do not do sleepovers.
No, I would not like to share a mat with you.
Sorry. No group discounts.
You're gonna feel a lot better, but you're not gonna fly.
I’m not familiar with Bubba’s House of Yoga but I think you’ll find we do things a little differently here.
So I see you don't believe all the lies that size doesn't matter
Broga is down the hall.
I also want to be able to do yoga in my living room.
Size does not matter
I see you've been hardened in the crucible of competition.
You ordered a mat for yoga
Where do I begin?
One does not win at yoga.
A fancy Persian rug will not get you to a higher level of conciousness in my yoga class.
Lululemon--not made in Yemen...
We're Reform Yoga here. You want the Orthodox place across the street.
Yeah, this did used to be a rug store.......
Sleeping is my workout.
Okay, if you got it smoke it.
Flying carpet yoga is next door...
Sorry, no manspreading allowed.
No, you can not do Yoga and your daily prayers at the same time.
Antiques Roadshow is Thursday.
Why not? I do some of my best moves on this carpet.
I'm guessing you drive a Corvette too.
I'm sorry sir but we don't need a new carpet, but a new mat will do.
You ordered a mat?
Sorry to rub your nose in it, but your downward dog needs work.
You're what kind of Doctor?
I think you want the place up the street -- Downward Doggy Style.
Sorry Aladdin, the beginners class is tomorrow.
I'm sorry but "scatter rug" yoga is not a thing.
No Turkish rugs or towels allowed.
Deliveries in the rear plebian.
The Spirit within me is asking you to just leave.
Ah, you're looking for 'Throw Down Yoga.' It's two doors down.
Wanda's Magic Carpet Ride is a block farther on the left.
I admire your cultural sensitivity, but Oriental exercises do not require Oriental mats.
You have to park outside like everyone else.
Yogi's gym is down the street.
Sir, unless you intend to use that magic carpet for a party of six or more, please park it at the door.
Take the rug back home, honey" she said. "The carpet doesn't have to match the drapes in yoga
I don't believe in magic carpets.
Put it back in the foyer.
I'd like to thank you for coming in to lead our class today Yogi Berra, but it's over.
I'm guessing it's your first time...
I don't know which is worse... that your socks are pulled up that high, or that you think you're holding a yoga mat...
Nobody is buying it that you found Shiva's original yoga mat.
We're more about how good you look getting fit; not actually getting fit.
My, my, where do I begin to explain why 'absolutely not' is my reaction?
Honey, I get it, you don't need to prove you're a real man! But that's not a real yoga mat.
I think you'll need your carpet at the boxing ring next door.
I know you're a rugged guy, but this is ridiculous.
Trying to overcompensate dear ?
First it's 79 cents for every dollar you earn and now this; so, yes, I can tell you where to put your rug.
where are the forty thieves?
Forget it Harold. Nobody cares that it really ties the room together.
I know you're not Turkish, Fred, so no, you can't use that rug for your yoga session.
Your guy says the whole class can have 80% off yoga mats this week only.
I'm afraid your yoga mat is not uncomfortable enough.
We're not planning on flying at all! A simple mat will do.
The 'Make Yoga Great Again!' class is downstairs.
I completely understand your feelings on this, but I'm just concerned your flying carpet will be an unnecessary distraction.
Okay, you win. We can go back to doing less things together.
First visit?
Sorry, the experimental tantra yoga studio is the next building over.
I'm glad you could make it Cleo.
I'm sorry sir, we do not offer high intensity yoga classes.
It’s not a question of "roominess", sir. We simply do not give group discounts.
I'm concerned it might make some of the men feel inadequate.
How many times do I have to tell you that size doesn't matter?
Nothing brings me inner peace like my prayer rug.
No, we don't offer a group rate.
Size does not matter here.
A. Your not the maharaja. B. That's not his mat. C. Hang it on a line. And D. Beat it!
I ordered that nine months ago.
Where do you think you're going Chakra Con?
No, this is hot yoga. Gauche yoga is downstairs.
I don't care who wove it, next week you will bring a flimsy, uncomfortable mat made in China from non-renewable resources.
No, I don't want to go on a magic carpet ride.
Maybe after class, I can take you on a magic carpet ride?
Bro-ga is next door.
So it's finally here: Dharman-spreading.'
Even my inner voice is screaming to tell you, get the hell out of here, and take that flea invested rug with you. Namaste.
You know what they say about guys with big yoga mats.
Sorry, but our yoga class for furniture movers is next week.
You can't just throw your problems under the rug.
Why do you have a hat on?
This is 'Bow Down Yoga' - NOT yoga for dorks ... lose the shoes, socks, cap and funky blanket please!"
Because man-spreading.
The failure of DIY Yoga.
You may be disappointed to learn that lululemon has recalled all those see-through ladies yoga pants.
A prayer rug is acceptable if you point it toward Mecca!
Sorry...no larger than 4 X 3, one color and no intrusive designs.
Let me guess, you aren't vegan either.
That will not tie this room together dude.
Well, okay....if it's from India.
Make sure the whole body goes down the wood chipper.
I must insist. No FLYING CARPETS !
Now would you please unroll, so I might ask her myself why she is against yoga lessons.
Sorry, there's really no such thing as a 'pick-up game' in yoga.
I don't care if it really ties your mind, body, and spirit together.
Yes, yoga originated in Asia but you must have a "Yoga mat" not an Oriental carpet to participate.
Really, Honey, Size doesn't matter.
Just fly in, Aladdin?
The lotus position on a K-Mart rug cannot release your cosmic aura.
Where's your mat towel, and your yoga-specific clothes, and your water bottle, and are you breathing through your nose?
We don't accept old sods
I see…you’re the one from out of town I sold the yoga mat to on Craigslist
Way too big, and it probably has cooties.
The carpet beater class is next door
My Mom says you'd like to chew on one of these.
Only if you can disinfect it after every use.
I just watched "The Big Lebowski."
This is a yoga studio, the carpet cleaner is next door...nice knee socks, by the way
What exactly do you expect to shag?
Your mat was reincarnated?
I don't see the humor at all, Matt.
Your choice, but real men use foam.
We free our minds and soar. There's no flying.
I see yoga does matter to you!
You're disturbing my chi.
I don't care if it's from India.
This is my fetish.
I'm sure it would help you to relax, but you can't smoke that in here.
Very simply, because vinyl mats have been used for millennia.
That'll never fly.
Sorry bruh, you know the rules: no mids, no Phillies.
You have to stop asking the girls to join your "magic mat."
I heard Ms. Cho counsel you earlier about your choice of wardrobe and your violent temper. By the way, have you seen Ms. Cho?
One person, one mat!
You have the wrong floor. The itchy skin yoga class is on the next level.
I'm very mindfully asking you to stick that where the sun salutations don't shine. Namaste.
I don't think that's what your wife had in mind when she asked you to bring her to yoga.
You better not look at my hot butt again today!
Trust me, your body just won't relax on something so plush.
Size doesn't matter...especially here.
Unfortunately, we don't admit posers
You are not making me 'Home Goods happy.'
Is Arahant the same as Nirvana to you too?
I'm sorry. It's too yuge to make yoga great again.
Be careful not to let the moths out!
I'm guessing you drove over here in your Hummer.
No these are not flying carpet lessons.
This is the last time you sneak in your yoga buddy.
Namaste. I suppose Home Depot was out of berber?
Because our people come from Lilliput, son.
You can't do yoga on a flying carpet!
Purana gharana?
Your reluctance to go barefoot tells me you're a newcomer.
what 'Room' ?
Are you moving in or downward, dog?
Does the carpet match the drapes?
Puraney khayalat?
Naw-Maw-Stay and get your number?
I don't think you get the concept
So when you unfurl it's emblazoned with a big Chicago Cubs logo?
I don't care if you got iy from Ray Bolger.
We don't like man spread in any derivative
Yes, you can stay, but 'Rugby's gotta go.
Tell Vinny once and for all; I pose, not dispose, bodies.
Sorry broheim, we have zero tolerance for performance enhancing rugs. And tell McConaughey to put his shirt on too.
I'm sorry - we don't have a family group rate.
That's not what we meant when we said today's yoga session would burn.
I think you've misunderstood. We are not a vanity gym.
We said you can practice at home, not like you’re home.
We don't care how you do it in South Dakota.
Sit on it. Lie on it. Just don't try to smoke it.
Vegan mats only.
We don't do magic carpet yoga here.
I understand you perspire a lot.
I've had it with man-spreading
Flying carpets are not allowed.
Persia is not known as a yoga mat manufacturing centre.
Your Cub Scout Den will have to get their teeny glimpse of Yoga from somewhere else.
Sorry -- this is the low-impact class.
We don't do downward facing jog. And that's a rug.
I take that you aren't here for the yoga class
You should know that my class is no magic carpet ride.
"Carpetbagger" is written all over you.
Sorry but you can't get a group discount using that.
Yo ga to be kidding me!
We decided to start a yoga studio instead of buying a Persian rug
How about we start you in our pre-yoga class?
Whatever.
It's not the rug that concerns me.
Persian yoga is next door.
The divine essence in me does not recognize the divine essence in you.
You can leave the rug but the rest of you has to go.
Persian is down the hall.
You'll never increase your libido wearing those shoes!
What makes you think a comfortable rug will help you find your Karma?
We only do throwbacks on Thursdays.
You forgot the coffee and end tables
Gender equality hasn't trickled down all the way.
Big Lebowski's Tai Chi is next door. I hear the rugs really tie the room together.
Might I suggest the outside facing dog?
"You must be a Republican".
That's just so people won't know you weren't on your way to yoga?
Yes, yoga is a type of magic carpet ride, isn't it?
OK, it stays. But the recliner and the flat-screen have to go.
No I don't want a magic carpet ride, and also I am not a little girl.
That goes next door at the Bow Wow boutique
You're welcome to use that rug, but I'll have to charge you for two people.
First time?
Those are the rules, and they're NOT flexible.
You must be from Texas. Yippee.
Magic carpet rides are not allowed.
The man-cave workout offers free cable and complimentary bags of Doritos.
No, I am not able to make you genie appear during Shavasana.
I see that you're still living with your mother.
You're early for the magic carpet class.
Sorry, interlocking group yoga is not allowed.
Together would be nice, but I'm allergic to dust.
No. I can't teach you to fly it.
This first problem for all of us to to unlearn.
Your parents' basement is two doors down.
Oh no, I'm just the sales rep. But enjoy your platinum yearly membership though.
You're sure it's the one you came in with, and not my missing office rug?
No mats eh?
The mosque is two doors down.
I’m afraid I have to call you on the carpet.
You need better gear, man. I can already tell your carpet doesn't match the drapes.
Let's start with the cap and work our way down.
Yoga was cutting into my antiquing time; so I'm multitasking.
I'm afraid to say this is 816 Oak Avenue, not 816 Oak Street.
At least tell me its an indoor rug.
It's not me, it's you.
"What do you mean you killed your wife"?
The magic carpet class is meeting above us.
'' I'M AFRAID YOGA DOES NOT ADDRESS A TERRITORIAL PROBLEM !
I'm afraid you'll have to leave your flying carpet outside.
No... I really am here for the yoga!
Sorry, Bow Wow Yoga doesn't meet here anymore.
The rug is fine. It's the Red Sox cap that offends my chakras.
I should have had the carpet delivered to my house.
Right, your weird rug and pulled-up socks were the reasons Marcie left you? Sure those weren't reasons 233 + 234?
I caved to your outfit, but carpets are out!
Go back home George! I told you, I need my space.
I see your downward dog is a Pekingese.
I am sorry sir....but we simply do not permit religious mats.
...I almost had to bow on a borrowed mat.
We're not interested in your new softer mats. Yoga encourages suffering.
I don't care how rich you are, I still say you're just showing off.
No, you're still going to do the vacuuming this week.
Again today you have no class.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
It's not funny anymore! She's a collector on the 5th floor!
Well, OK, but only because you drive a Subaru.
Mat envy, that's why!
First, we'll need to get the dust mites out of your chakra.
Numiskul.
And who do we have here...Yoga Berra, perhaps?
I haven't gotten my paycheck, yet
Perhaps an orientation session would be advisable?
I said, “One mat per person, not Persian!”
Let me guess, your name is Aladdin.
Overcompensation is not a pose.
I don't have an "Aladdin" on the class roster.
I'm sorry, you misheard the instructions, we said you'll need a mat, not a nap
At 'Bow Down Yoga', we find our inner bliss on yoga mats, not area rugs.
don't bother trying to impress me with your thread count. ...
You're with the movers? The office is straight ahead.
When your foot's behind your head, no one notices what you're sitting on.
No multi-person mats allowed, please.
Personal yoga mat style is not a constitutional right.
Will you be meditating or flying today, sir?
Yea, it's one of the things I love about Colorado.
Looks like you have a solid home practice going.
I don't care if it's Cleopatra in there, she's still going to pay for the classes.
Bet you bring a typewriter to Starbucks too.
"Bow Down" does not mean that you need a large prayer mat.
this class is about transcending our ego, not whose got the biggest mat
Miley's here.
No, thanks. I have plans.
It's not the carpet. It's the hat.
Remind Yo Momma not to forget her mat next time.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stretch here.
Take a free yoga mat? Namaste with my rug.
Sorry, I'm Persian.
No, sweat does not help release stains.
How about never- is never good for you? Namaste.
It might be a little ticklish at the end.
That was an excellent 'Sup Dog.'
Don't tell me you scheduled our date on your lunch break.
You must be a big poser.
I promise to take the needs of Yoga Dads into consideration.
Normally we use smaller mats, but I'm flexible.
This is not cultural appropriation this is an identification crisis.
You say the Queen of Sheba came to bow down?
I'm Kleopatra, not Cleopatra.
I think what you're talking about is transcendental compensation.
Since you've joined us, my mat wants to sacrifice what it is for what it could become.
And you must be "Ben Dover"...
Yes, we also want you to feel comfortable, Mr. Coolidge; but you're stretching it a bit too far.
Is there an elephant tusk in that rug or are you just happy to see me?
Prepare to share, or the rug will be pulled out from under you.
Just because always say Namaste doesn't mean you're not in Maya.
Let me guess – first time in a yoga studio and you’re here under duress?
No, I don't think a larger mat will elicit the desired assumption about your anatomy.
No, I said I wanted a Persian hug.
Sure, you can use that. We are pretty flexible.
I ordered a Dharamsala practice rug, not a Jaipur practice rug, you idiot!
Calling a shag rug a mat is not the kind of stretch we use here.
It's bow down yoga....not ballroom yoga.
I take it you roll your own?
We've had a few too many down dogs and need it cleaned.
Is it BPA-free?
Don't let Trump see it. He'll think you're praying.
This is what happens when you tell your man to bring the 'thing' on the floor to couples yoga while he is watching the game.
Sorry, Persian yoga is two doors down.
I'm taking my wife home.
I don't care what they said on Ebay, that's not an antique yoga mat.
Overcompensating a little?
OK. You've made your point. I never should have forced you to come to yoga class.
So, I understand you have something that can remove downward dog.
My shovel started out that big
We're trying to become more authentic, ma'am.
Deliver it to Bazaar Yoga.
Are you having people over?
No, I don't see how this is just like when I washed your Eli Manning jersey on game day, but if it means we can finally move past that, then namaste.
Sorry, we don't do rug appraisals.
Sorry, sir, but that’s one thing we don’t appropriate from Eastern culture.
I hope you didnt bring our downward facing dog too?
You are just off by a few blocks, Aladdin.
Get the hell outta here!
You'll have to do your flying from the outdoors.
No, "Downward Mat" is done like this.
No, we do not clean rugs.
Yes, we have a group rate.
I appreciate that you wove it yourself but it is not the standard size.
... and secondly it's namaste, not "what the hey".
Now you know why Shavasana translates as "corpse pose."
Irene are you in there ?
You look like a poser. And I don't mean the good kind.
You can take a nap here, but you'll still have to pay for a lesson.
Everyone knows that this is Nancy's spot.
I don't care if you were snug as a bug in a rug, no one snores in my class!
'Wife rolled into rug' is not a pose.
It's all the same.
I never understood why yoga mats aren't soft.
Do you know what a yoga mat is?
We only give yoga lessons. Flying lessons are two doors down.
There's no such thing as snug-as-a-bug yoga.
Hi there, I have a yoga mat delivery for a Mr. Al Ladin
Bow, not bro
Sorry, Bro Down Yoga is across the street.
This is your problem Dave..you always have to be different.
Bigger is not better
We tend to be minimalists.
Where did you get your paleo, non-GMO, organic, latex-free mat?
I can’t deal with you.
Rolling your friend named Matt into a rug was nothing like what we meant when we said bring your own mat.
That's not what I meant when I said PVC-free.
You're here for a class. You're not entertaining.
Sir, you can not use a carpet for the flying crow pose.
Not here you're thinking of yogurt
Our beginner's class meets in the Second Ave Y. It's three blocks west. If you hurry you won't miss too much.
Yes, we believe yoga is a religious experience. No, you cannot bring your own prayer rug.
Our full contact body slam yoga class is on Tuesday nights.
Size doesn't matter, it's how you use it.
Sorry sir, but Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays are reserved for allergen-free workouts.
I don't care if it's the same one from 'Aladdin', you need a yoga mat.
Your mat is looking a bit rug-ed.
Not that kind of bow down
You heard me, into the river. And if anyone asks, she came here in the corpse pose
Is this your first time at yoga?
Bob, you're supposed to take your shoes off at the door.
Your yoga mat is bigger than the both of us.
You're a little too hipster to participate
I'm sorry, but we don't serve your kind here.
Is it organic astroturf?
Yoga is not a competition sport, Nigel.
I'm beginning to regret inviting you along.
I need the bigger mat because they say yoga makes you expand.
I told you to bring your friend, Matt.
Size matters and it's too big.
Trump yoga's on the 5th floor.
You needn't compensate here.
The flying carpet club meets Thursdays.
I don't care how many it sleeps.
My other mat is too sheer.
I hope that Persian also instructs. Otherwise I've made a big mistake.
We don't need carpet braggers!
Okay, so there are two exceptions to all-organic-all-natural.
You're starting off on the wrong square foot.
Nice reclaimed mat, where'd you get it, your grandmother's house?
I see you've mastered the dickhead pose.
No..... Aladdin Yoga is NEXT Tuesday.
No I am sorry but we can't make your rug fly.
Good flight?
Where's the couch, Rob - how will you enjoy yourself otherwise?
You'll never find the jewel in the lotus with that attitude.
I specifically ordered 3-inch memory foam padding beneath. Where is it?
It's just a temporary ban.
Size doesn't matter in here!
I meant Pahlavani when I told you about Persian yoga.
Carpet Diem is two doors down.
What cha got there? Gonna take a magic carpet ride?
And no, I don’t think we need to tie the room together.
That will have to be screened for bed bugs.
I love the new yoga line for men.
You're being too ironic, Todd.
Drop and roll before I bonk you on the head!
NO-mistah.
I'm sorry, but there's still no group discount.
Yo, is it cool if this personal pile remain? The tapestry won't give anyone staph infection
This just means for our fishing trip next week, I get to bring whatever I want.
You know you can use your regular yoga mat for the Flying Carpet position, right?
I'd really like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
Is it medicinal?
You're putting me in a tough position here, Greg.
That's the worst pick-up line I've ever heard.
Technically you'd be munching my 'mat'
Oh, you downward dog, you.
First class?
We're flexible about everything except mat size.
It's not the length, it's the girth.
Sorry, the "Fragile Flowers" class is tomorrow.
Leave your hang ups at the door.
'Last time you were here we had to replace the floor. Namaste!'
No, a hairier mat does not make you more masculine.
No, I'm not interested in your endorsement once your campaign fails.
Carpet diem?
I was looking for a magic yoga ride.
Sir, there's a lulu lemon right next door.
Tom, your personal versions of the corpse pose are getting of hand. And what is that smell?
What do you mean 'your chahra is blocked by my studio's feng shui'?
Mrs. Vanderbilt will not be here today.
I was here first!
So the only practice you've had is the 7th inning stretch?
Remember: no barking in downward dog pose.
No dear we do not want to try your flying carpet!!!!
Sure bigger matters. But not in yoga mats.
The front desk mentioned you had a really bad rug. I misunderstood
is that a tarp, or are you just happy to see me?
Your rug is fine.. but the socks...........
The carpet and genie are fine, but the monkey is a major distraction.
that won't fly in this class
Yoga For Guys Named Colton is on Wednesdays, Colton. Would you mind coming back tomorrow? The instructor you like will be here: the guy who plays Social Distortion and still uses "gay" as a pejorative.
Okay, I’ll agree size does matter; but you still can’t use it!
It's not Yo, G.
No, you can't bring your recliner.
The "Let's Cut A Rug" dance class is on the 2nd floor, sir.
Tube socks with stripes went out in the 1980s, you really need to leave.
How typically male! Territorial!
hey bro
No I will not be your Jasmine and take a carpet ride with you!
OK, maybe you're just not cutout for yoga. But I tell ya what, how about I refer you to that CrossFit gym around the corner?
No, I am not interested in getting a rug burn with you.
You must be the new guy.
Body's out back.
Clear your mind, not your living room.
Persian yoga is at 9.
You must be Charles Brown's friend.
You've been living in that "mine's bigger than your's" world much too long
Welcome. I believe you're our first Trump supporter.
Take the elevator to Roof for Magic Carpet Yoga. And in the future, wear a fez or a turban.
You do realize this is a no-fly zone.
If you could refrain from shuffling around and zapping the other students next time, that would be great.
Still living with your parents?
The magic carpet shop is down the street.
You do realise that downward dog is meant for humans, right?
You can start by taking off that hat.
A magic carpet is okay but sweat is the conveyance here.
Namaste. The centre's special 'yoga for chubby, clueless beginners' class is next door.
Namastainmaster.
Geography isn't my strong suit.
Unroll my student and leave before I call the police.
Is this your first day?
Chi and Sigma Chi: two different animals.
I'm sorry. What do you mean by "eminent domain"?
Well, I'd recommend a smaller mat for next time, and saying"namaste" instead of "Let's go, Red Sox!"
"Magic Carpet Flying Lessons" are next door.
It's yoga mat... not yoga rug. You'll have to leave.
The Kama Sutra class is next week.
Yes, that bread chemical is also in yoga mats, but the mats are perfectly safe.
Let me guess. This is your first day at yoga!
I assume you are new at this.
I don't care if your mat is 100 percent Kashmir, we insist on polystyrene here!
Aladdin the musical is across the street.
Only if it doesn't levitate.
Nice rug, but your outfit stinks.
Sir, we have a no soliciting policy.
I'm not your little girl & I am not going anywhere with you on some magic carpet ride.
Something tells me you weren't entirely truthful in your Tinder profile.
Okay, but we do charge by the square foot.
Let's try to keep that mantra below stadium-noise level today, Chad.
The rug is ok but the couch stays outside
Sorry, that's not what I ordered. I need something in a cut pile.
We can be done before your wife finds out you borrowed her priceless antique rug.
it's all uphill from here.
Yoga in 'Merica
Sorry you are upset, we don't have a nap time
Texas yoga is one floor up.
Why such a big mat? You have a small behind!
Something told me your dating profile was conniving.
No, I don't know "Magic Carpet Ride".
I think that you're looking for Yogi Berra.
Fred, it's actually the socks.
Lululemon?
Still man-spreading, Robert?
Big rug Yoga? No this is BIKRAM Yoga.
Just how much personal space do you need?
Mr. Trump's session will be in Studio "B"
We can certainly help with your balance problem.
In this feminist world, the rugged approach is obsolete.
I get it; you have your image to protect.
Please tell me you didn't come here on the subway.
Sorry, but I'm looking for something a little more manufactured.
This is not a magic carpet ride
I'm sorry, but our artisanal yoga classes are only on Wednesdays.
You’re overcompensating.
Sorry, but to free your spirit from the illusory confines of the material world, you'll need our hundred-dollar yoga mat.
I see you're new to yoga.
I don't care if that's the rug you do yoga on at home. in this class we all use yoga mats.
Do you have unexpected low impact workouts
What's with the cap?
We are flexible. Just not in that way.
Size doesn't really matter
All the time you so stupid, Joe.
Sir, your rug is not the same as a yoga mat.
Please don't make the light within me kick the light within you's ass.
I said I'm attracted to fit Asians; not Oriental runners.
What? I don't understand the problem, all you said was bring a mat
You will need two class passes to use that mat.
I'm guessing you haven't been here before.
I like to spread out.
Yes, I did say you could bring your own yoga mat.
You can stay, but only because it’s handmade from organic, gluten-free tall grass.
We don't encourage manspreading here.
I said to bring a "mat,"not a "rug."
Your dating profile said: "Yoga Master."
No, you can't just hang out here with friends.
Yogi's is down the road. "It's crowded so no one goes there anymore." doesn't work here.
Cleopatra, I presume?
This isn't a dance studio, but you're going to have to cut the rug.
I really need to change that 'Bring Your Own Mat' policy...
This is about a girl, isn't it?
Over-compensating for something, are we?
Who are you, Casey at the Mat?
Sorry, the carpet cleaners are just down the block.
OK already. So size does matter.
This studio isn't "area rug" freindly
This is not a competition.
Take your rug and your New York Values outta here.
"You're the second guy to come in looking to do a class while on Persian rugs".
Maybe our group isn't right for you.....
Overcompensating.
Sorry - for rug carry you need Cross Fit down the street.
Tell your employer Mr. Trump: you're not going to convince anyone of your respect for yoga by spending $18,000 on a mat.
Trust me, you're not that flexible.
Can I borrow a scissors?
Please sir, we leave our shoes by the door
The new girl is old money.
I refuse to go broke shopping at lululemon.
Organic, all natural, yes. But even we have our limits.
Just find a spot,Aladdin.
Namaste yourself to the basement.
The advanced classes are on Wednesday.
When I say, "that's a stretch," I don't mean yoga.
I'm guessing you didn't get that from lululemon
Compensating?
carpet yoga is one floor up.
We don't allow full-size rugs in here. It makes the mats feel self-conscious.
Namaste! Looks as though you're all ready for Tree Pose."
Sorry. No carpet bow-downing allowed here.
You're right, Yoga is an Oriental practice, but...
This will make me look more masculine with all these girls.
An "oriental" rug? Sir, a yoga studio is no place for cultural appropriation.
We do Upward and Downward Facing Dog, but not Dog Did My Rug.
I'm guessing you are the new apprentice.
Sir, please put that back in the lobby and use this one.
We get a lot of you guys in January.
That's not a yoga mat... THAT'S a yoga mat!
Before we start you're going to have to cut a rug.
Please Bill, you just don't get it!
You can do other things on your rug but not yoga!
Our position on this is inflexible.
The body is in the office. Maybe use the back door on your way out.
That better not be my great grandmother's Persian rug that has been passed down for generations!
Sorry, Extreme Yoga is on Tuesdays
What kind of moron brings an area rug to a yoga class? Namaste.
First yoga date?
er, the magic about yoga is not in the carpet...
The mat is fine. It's your socks.
What is it you don't understand about mat?
This is the only mat I have that the downward dog can poop on if it needs to.
I know a place that can trim that for you.
We don’t shag here.
The sign says no Flying carpets.
Hey there Aladdin. Here to see a whole new world?
No, you were misinformed. We don't do industrial yoga here.
I'm going to have to accuse you of manspreading
Alladin's class is next door.
Don't worry, after just a few classes you will be much more flexible.
I presume you're from left field.
We're not THAT flexible.
Put that down here, I like to let others know how important I am while waiting for enlightenment.
Listen, son. I don't care if he said it was magic, you need to take it back.
I'm Persian.
Frankly Bob, you're not Bow Down material.
Let me guess, you're here for broga? 2nd floor.
Yeah, I'm sure it's fine. They let me use this papyrus scroll.
If you ever want to have sex with me again, leave now
No, I don't think we can make it fly.
You're either carrying around a dead body, or you're new to yoga.
"My wife told me that yoga was all about making modifications to feel more comfortable".
I don't care what anyone told you, there's no such thing as an Upward Facing Trump.
From Texas?
Look, I just won the Middle Eastern yoga tour contest!
We strongely urge beginners to look the part.
In your case 80% of success is NOT showing up.
As long as it is skidless.
No mat, no tights, no service.
Sorry, you just missed our Rugrats class.
We don't practice the couch potato position here.
No carpets allowed. Try fringe yoga down the street.
I'm here to do floor work.
It is better than last week's beach chair. Here, just use mine!
The flying carpet studio is next door.
Our Flea-Reincarnation Class meets on Thursdays.
At least you made an effort this time.
Over sized egos do not fit in yoga or this room!
My therapist said yoga might be helpful for recovering rug addicts.
This is ashtanga yoga, not assona sofa.
Actually, a simple foam pad is more appropriate than an 'Oriental rug'.
No frills yoga is down the hall
That won't fly in here.
Gear may BE overrated, but really!--the lobby runner?
Peace is unchanged by gain or loss...but lose the rug.
How thoughtful. You've brought enough yoga mat to share with the whole class.
Sorry--flying carpet yoga is next door.
You said to make yourself comfortable
Are you planning to extend your yoga positions to three times the usual time?
No, Bob, I don't think there's room for both of us on your mother's Persian.
I don't care what they say about a guy with a big yoga mat.
Sir, rug size doesn't matter here.
This is not a floor show.
I see you are ready to do your two rough doggy down.
International Yoga Federation actually approved it
Go home, Bill. Vajrasana isn’t what you’re thinking.
Trust me. Sometimes size DOES matter.
We have enough insurance for people who fall down that much.
Just place it down over here by placing your left foot onto your right shoulder.
Snug as a Bug Yoga is two doors down.
Blue collar yoga is Thursday night.
I could use a good nap.
Yes, even if your name is Matt.
That's not what I meant.
You disappoint me, Matt.
No, we don't "got any bodies we need disposin' of". But you can leave a flyer on the corkboard, if you wish.
I'm just gonna lay it all out there for you: You guys need to be more flexible with your policies.
The 'Make-America-and-Yoga-Great-Again' studio is across the street.
New years resolutions; am I right?
We're a wimps-only establishment.
I'm so sorry, this image just isn't going to work for us.
You arrived in the stretch limo, right?
Please take off your shoes and socks, we practice barefoot.
Please put that back in reception.
What's the matter?
May I suggest the spinning class upstairs?
My God, how much weight have you lost?!
Your nap-time will be scheduled after you finish your milk and cookies.
You're obviously compensating for something.
I am sorry but without the proper mat, you cannot namaste.
Sir, if it's not an organic alpaca blend we can't have it here.
You can put my sister down anywhere?
It's just that you don't seem like a true conservative, basically.
This is a no drip zone.
I'm sorry, this studio doesn't allow manspreading.
Sorry, coach, still a no. But nice improvement over the sod.
In this case, yoga is not really for everyone.
We're full today, our next class is never.
I can't wait to see how you interpret downward dog.
It's yoga, yog-a, not yog-i.
No, nobody will laugh at you if you wear yoga pants. It's the hat and that ridiculous rug that cracks us up.
I've never heard of the "hibernating bear" position.
This is supposed to be a manspread free zone
Body slams will cost extra!
No problem—we're very flexible.
Well, NOW you're going to be relaxed.
Who is taking the class, you or Cleopatra?
I see you are keeping it old school with the handwoven yoga mat
A "first class" yoga section using Oriental rugs instead of mats is not an idea I'd be interested in considering.
So, they call you Mr Big, do they?
We meditate, not levitate.
I'm not sure this is what they meant by "stick to the minimum amount."
Sorry no hats allowed.
Well, that's one position we don't care to stretch.
No, I'm pretty sure the degree of spiritual enlightenment you receive is NOT directly proportional to the size of your yoga mat.
inhale deeply….exhale slowly……leave quietly
That looks big enough to hide our instructor's body.
Dude the magic carpet class is next door in the boot room.
May I suggest you work on your outer self first.
No. No. The Mosque is in the next block.
You look more junkyard dog than downward dog
I figure this will help you dispose of my body after your hot yoga class kills me.
Yes, prayer rugs are allowed.
You misheard. They said "Make your thoughts big." Not "Make your THINGS big.
I see you're taking oriental culture seriously.
Please remove your hat and shoes, and place your mat under the coffee table.
We can probably handle the rug and the shoes today, but I am going to say no to the lamp and the couch.
Downward dog is not the same as downward mobility.
I didn't say we CAN never share a mat. I said we WILL never share one.
I don't care if it is a Republican prayer rug. Get a yoga mat.
You have the wrong address. Aladdin's flight school is next door.
No, Arabian Knights yoga is upstairs.
That's not what I meant when I said you should explore oriental culture through yoga.
There's a ten dollar oversize fee.
I was told to bring my own mat from home
You? In my class? That's a stretch.
Its going to be a really big moment.
Either take those shoes off or get back on your carpet and fly home.
Mi casa su vinyasa.
No, that is NOT 'just stretching things'.
Now, remember, ditch the body, burn the rug, and disappear for a couple of days!
Elephant yoga? That's two doors down
So, by the size of that oversized rug....I have to assume you are voting for Trump?
Oh, yeah? Well, my mat may degrade into tiny pieces of PVC that will block the digestive tracts of wildlife--but at least it didn't cause child laborers to go blind! Namaste.
We bow towards Madison Avenue, not Mecca.
And don't come back until you promise to stop wearing cotton
Is that for you or the Ganesha?
Full-contact ashtanga is the next studio over.
I haven't changed as much as you've stood still.
Bigger isn't necessarily better.
I appreciate your cultural heritage but size does matter.
I am going to start with the hat...
If you can make that carpet fly, yes. Otherwise, no.
No, no cheese, I said chi.
Put the instructor back. . .now.
ts Its a cylindrical yoga mat for maximal relaxation. i
OK, NOW UNROLL THE CARPET, AND LET CLEOPATRA EMERGE!
Trust me when I tell you the teacher won't allow it, I'm a vegan.
Stretch or Fly?
Even if the sign did say 'Bedouin Yoga' we wouldn't let your camel take the class.
Now what's your mother gonna say when she finds her rug beneath the dining room table is gone? Hmm?
Yes, we are all in this together, but you do realize it's $1,468 per square foot don't you?
You're absolutely certain this mat was grass-fed?
Sorry, Hoedoen Yoga is in the Barn on Carrol Street.
Our gift shop has affordable equipment options and financing terms are available.
Why does everyone here have small, rubbery prayer rugs?
Look, I know it's a popular class and crowded. But when I said you should stake out a piece of turf, I did not mean literally!
What idiot told you we carpet bomb during this session ?
I'm sorry, but the hipster doofus yoga studio is located above the ironic vintage t-shirt shop across the street.
I will let it go this time, but if I so much as hear you humming that song from Aladdin, you're out of here!
Now THIS is a bit of a stretch.
We get it. You're straight.
Also, I checked – there's no such thing as a 'Downward Doug'.
I ordered a yoga mat. Not a "when they wore togas" mat.
I see you bought the azodicarbonamide-free mat
You don't say! The rug is Persian too!
Yes, that's a classy, elegant, and luxurious mat, Mr. Trump, but it still won't fit.
We only allow 1930 Chinese oriental rugs.
No, I've never heard of the grand master Yogi Berra.
"No, I don't think you are going to impress the ladies with your large yoga mat"!
Wrong religion Larry!
I don't care how wealthy you are, you can't use a your expensive Persian rug in this class.
Vinyasa League spring training meets in our Mookie Wilson studio down the hall.
Namaste...that's actually Yiddish for "we appreciate your small, unobtrusive mat."
When will you learn that size doesn't matter?!
Sit on my face.
So, you're delivering Donald Trump's yoga mat?
Oh, how sweet, that's so last millennium
A genie better be in there and grant me 3 wishes if you plan on rolling that out in my class. Namaste.
I can guarantee that your frequency will rise, sir.
I assume the dead, rotting corpse of our marriage is rolled up in that carpet?
This is how I roll!
The first thing is to inhale through your nose, then exhale out the door.
No. This is not where you take a rug for yogurt stains.
No, we don't have a TV so that you can watch the game while everyone else meditates.
You must be a Neoliberal.
Unfortunately for you one of the jobs I worked during college was stadium security. I'd say 12 beers and 2 bags of chips...?
Does your mother know you took it?
Sorry, but we do not have any over-sized yoga parking spots here.
If you want to cut some, ask the dance studio downstairs.
Sure. And I have Antony in mine.
Yo Ga. Not Yo Gi.
Can we start now, or do we need to make more concessions to your masculinity?
Sorry, but posers aren't welcome here.
Its complicated
I'm boycotting Big Yoga
I don't care if it really ties the room together, you need a yoga mat.
We've already feng shuied this room.
One of my uncles is a Moslem!
Your revolution is over, Mr. Lebowski. Condolences. The bums lost.
Do we look like the same people who sold you that rug?
I hope you enjoy getting rug burn
Why?! Because this yoga is about bowing down to your inner self, not everyone in your neighborhood!
Sorry, we have no qualified instructors for the 'seventh inning stretch.'
Yoga for Dummies class is next door.
The term "Double Wide" doesn't apply here.....at all.
I don't CARE if your name is Matt.
I'm afraid you exceed our minimalism, attitude and materialism guidelines. Good day Mr. Smith.
Why do men always think bigger is better?
Aren't you being a tad bit excessive?
I see the hairy man brought a furry rug.
This is hot yoga, they just finished Bro - Yoga.
First of all, I'm not your "girl." Moreover, I'm not going to close my eyes, look inside, and let the sound take me away.
And I would ALSO appreciate it if you DIDN'T make follow-up comments to mine, such as "What up, Downward Dog?"
This is a beginners class.
You can use it, but your knees are going to hate cobra pose.
Dude. I meant a yoga mat.
Mine's bigger than yours!
That's not what I meant by size matters.
We meant a yoga mat!!
Namaste. But no, you may not stay.
How many in your party?
Today we will tackle Downward Dog, next week...manspreading.
That's not what I meant when I told Aladdin to bring his own mat.
We don't allow man spread in our yoga class.
I was wrong about yoga being for everyone.
It's time for you to bow down to me!
Put the rug back in the hall and use one of the Bow Down Yoga PMS 377C colored mats.
The light in me honors the clueless in you. Namaste.
The Corpse Pose does not require a corpse.
Fine, let's do fewer things together.
Actually, my karma says to take your Grateful Dead rug elsewhere.
Ted, I said you should come here if you were feeling stiff. Not if you wanted to dispose of one.
I'm sorry, but the ad clearly said, 'Enjoy the comforts of Om.'
Lululemon was sold out; luckily, there was a pottery barn next door.
You must be from Texas..
Living in the past? Shag rug is so 80's!
I'm sorry, our Neanderthal-looking-for-a-date class meets on yesterdays.
Stop overcompensating.
Do you even yoga, bro?
A 'sweet deal' with Ernie's Carpet Blowout Barn is no fast track to enlightenment, bub.
I hear you're the best there is...
This is New York, people don't LIVE in that big of an area.
This won't be a sleepover.
It's not that type of retreat, George.
This is the skinny mat session.
Was the doorman asleep again because that looks a lot like the rug in the lobby?
When I said to step up your game, this is not what I meant.
Oriental yoga is down the hall.
No, I'm pretty sure all of the hotties have their own mats.
A flying carpet will not help you achieve eagle pose.
I said you 'may not stay'—not 'namaste.'
Sorry, no frat mats allowed.
Perhaps you're taking this "need my own space" thing too far ?
Yoga for yokels is on the third floor.
Look Matt, I told you to you could come stag. Not bring a shag.
Even if you have expanded your consciousness, you do not need such a large yoga mat that looks more like a rug.
IT'S NOT A PICNIC
We're done. You can set up for "Bro'ga" now.
Yes we do have beginner's classes.
It's BOW down yoga, not HOE down yoga
When I said "you should just roll with it," that's not what I meant.
Np we don't offer Persian variations
I'm sorry but this is not the kilim flow class.
When I said take it to the next level....
What, are you a crazed libertarian from Hicksville or something? This is YOGA, and you must conform! Style, always style!
I don't care if they are Siamese Twins.
It's not a contest.
"You can't wear shoes in here.
No shoes, no shag, no service.
I'm very flexible, but that mat is not welcome.
You and the rug can stay but the socks have to leave.
The bariatric yoga salon is across the street
ManFlow Yoga is on Tuesday nights.
I got my rug at Ikea where did you get yours?
Don't Judge a Yogi By Their Mat
It's not about the rug, Lance.
We don't do downward facing elephant.
Heck of a doobie Mr. Anderson.
By yoga mats, we don't really mean actual mats!
Is there a place for one more?
You know 'Throw Back Thursday' only occurs on social media, right?
This isn't Antique Roadshow.
Spiritual thread, not thread count.
The fact that it's fair trade doesn't make it more appropriate.
This is hot yoga, not poor yoga.
Have you considered joining our pre-beginners class?
That's not the kind of mat I was talking about...
Murder victim disposal is next door.
Magic Carpet classes no longer meet in this space.
Sorry. We are only allowed to shag on hump day.
We don't encourage it, but if it makes you feel at home.....
My boss said you can use the rug if you promise to keep your clothes on this time.
but is it artisanal?
We all sweat a lot. You still can't use a ShamWow rug.
Your website said to bring your own mat
Perhaps you'd like a partner...or two..?
They said it was B.Y.O.M.
I bring my own mat, it's hypoallergenic.
The river is two blocks down.
Unroll that carpet and LET him out of there.
And when will the furniture be arriving?
It's our conference table.
Even though you may have learned it in 2nd grade, in this class you don't have to bring enough for everyone.
No, a large carpet will not make dual downward dog possible.
Take some relaxation breaths...then shell out for the gear.
Cute. Did you bring you chez lounge as well?
Actually we all like to roll our own as well.
No hats allowed.
We are a different kind of ashram, sir.
Have you seen Alice?
I don't care if your yoga master was Persian. The rug goes.
We don't teach the Persian Hostage Pose.
It's not a place to have a picnic!!
And I suppose your partner is on a role, too
We're open to everyone, except you.
I'm guessing this is your first day of yoga ?
My name is Matt and I am here with mat.
No, you can't lie down here to take a nap with all these freaks.
"Sutra" self
Try Lululemon next time.
Looks like you really want to feel the burn.
Sorry, we don't permit manspreading here.
Yes, we are flexible but....
You can't get to nirvana if you're fraying at the edges.
It is so brover.
I'll have to ask you to leave; Bow Down Yoga is a secular all-inclusive environment.
I thought your online profile read, "yoga lover"
"Get out of the well. Stop playing with that ceiling roller and give me a help".
No Al I don't trust you.
Sorry, there are no hemp mats allowed.
Damn Daniel back at it again with the Persian rug
Is this your first time?
This isn't Colorado.
That's very flattering, but I'm afraid I only date within my own species.
Seriously, this is as close as you could get to a no processed sugar, gluten-free, whole food, organic, paleo, preservative-free vegan pizza?
The community class is at 3.
You're such a Darwinian.
Take whats left of that mouth breather to the woodchipper.
That's not a mat, THIS is a mat!
If you’re looking for the Flying Carpet Yoga School, take the elevator to the top floor.
The yuppie in me honours the men's rights activist in you.
If that's a flying carpet you better us it now, Wise guy.
Enlightenment happens AFTER conforming to social norms.
I am afraid your area rug will invade my personal space
Your first time? I never would have guessed!
So you're telling me if I put the yoga mats in water, they become Persian rugs?
We said to bring a mat not a flying carpet.
I'll allow you to use it. But it's not a short cut to mindful levitation.
No, I don't believe a magic rug will make the poses easier.
Sorry sir, only sandwich-grade mats are allowed in this club.
Not everything needs to have been made in India, sir.
Trump Yoga is the next door down.
Tell me – is this to compensate for something..?
We're missing a customer.
Didn't you tell me we were meeting up to go to Antique Roadshow?
Service entrance is around the back
Sorry to hear, Al, that Gene couldn't fix it in time... Hope Cleo has still enjoyed her ride.
This is Hatha Yoga, sir, not Haha Yoga.
There's no room for manspreading down the eightfold path.
Actually, size does matter. So does smell.
I am working on my inner-self and trying to be present and accepting of all things through the wonderful experiences of yoga. What exactly are you here for?
Is this 'Agoy Nwod Wob Carpet Emporium?' I brought an over-sized sweepstakes check that I'd like to exchange for a modest area rug.
Whole body roll-up position?
Sorry we've cancelled the flying carpet classes after a small accident with the ceiling fan.
I guess you could kill two birds with one stone, but kneeling east towards Mecca, means you won't be facing the instructor.
No, I will NOT come home to vacuum.
You can use the mat as long as it's GMO free all organic fiber.
No, you cannot hide that body here.
The practice actually originates in Persia.
Sir, your wife wasn't finished meditating.
That ommm coming from your rug is our Yogi.
Yes, I spoke last week about inhabiting your personal space, but I'm afraid that's more space than I had in mind.
Bow down to Mecca yoga meets at noon.
The advanced class is downstairs.
Aladdin just got up to go to the bathroom. You better put that back down before he returns.
," "May the floors be with you."
I know you're a growing boy.
I see you're comfortable wearing a rug.
I suggest you try Pilates.
Space being a finite resource, we have to double your rates.
Who ordered the Lu Lu Lemon Antique Collection?
Omar's place is next door...
So, I understand you were home schooled.
Your magic carpet will only make you soft and lost in here.
Tell Mr. Trump he's not welcome.
We actually don't give a damn about natural fibers.
No, sir, I have not seen "Room," and I still fail to see how that has any connection to your overdue membership payment.
That's it Bob, I'm canceling our Costco membership when I get home.
No, our allotment of floor space is not based on the gender pay gap.
You can stretch the full length?
No, we have no interest in a used magic carpet !
Did your wife make you come ?
That isn't how we roll!
The flying carpet class is upstairs.
I'm certain your grandmother hadn't intended this when she asked you to have it steam cleaned.
I think you are looking for the Persian restaurant next door
The Widespread Panic concert is in the park across the street.
the heavy mat won't aid enlightenment
Delivery yoga is in the afternoon.
Over-compensating again, are we?
You need to be spiritual and grounded while still acting all superior.
I see from your magic carpet you are looking for yogic flying. It's next door
No, you can't "tail-gaze" while we do Downward Dog
What do you mean there's a twenty dollar delivery fee?
We're going to put you in the back.
I'm calling you off the carpet.
Can't wait to see your water bottle.
You know we have loaner mats, right?
Yes Mr. Noffsinger, we received the call from your boss. I understand you are taking the company's softball league very seriously...
We don't do mat envy at yoga!
Here we are all about style over substance.
That's really more of a carpet than a mat.
You're taking the 7th-inning stretch way too seriously, Jimmy.
A Presidents' Day sale is not an excuse for tardiness!
It's not the size of your mat. It's the motion.
The outer borough method class is in Studio B.
This is an indoor activity where we meditate, not laying sod in the dirt for a baseball game.
It's ftom your boyfriend - he thinks your job is making you hard-assed
You must be the new bro-ga instructor.
No, we are not Ground School for carpet flyers!
I didn't know they served burritos here.
Your mat will really tie the room together.
Hello, you must be new to Yoga.
You'll get to like the hard floor.
It doesn't match the drapes.
The victim's blood evidently was not "O" Positive, so we can't accept the donation!
Persian rugs seems to have been quite qui successful with their new campaign strategy.
Unless it can fly you will have to go minimalist .
it's not the size that counts. It's how you use it.
The Dude wants his rug back.
It helps absorb my sweat, but does very little for my excessive leering.
Only if Cleopatra is in there.
We aren't really interested in THAT kind of Eastern inner-decor.
How many times have I told you that Yoga does not involve wrestling?
Yes, matspreading is a thing.
Sorry, we don't allow manspreading.
Just so you know, they don’t play “Take me out to the ball game” for music.
Listen Aladdin, this is a yoga class, not a flight school.
And how many years worth of exercise did we find under that?
Sir, when I asked if you were "getting anything out of this class", I didn't mean the area rug!
Take your dust mite colony and get out of here.
It's Bikram with a mat, not Berber with a rug
I'm sorry sir, we do not permit man-spreading at this facility.
I'm guessing you can really, 'cut a rug'!
It's down the street, look for people carrying suits.
I don't care if that is your ride Mr. Aladdin.
Take her, and put her in the garbage truck.
The Flying Yoga class starts next week.
You're sure to really feel the burn with that.
We appreciate your initiative Bill, we really do but...
I'm sorry, Bro-ga is next door.
What do you mean my rug and I aren't "simple" enough?
Yes, you can do all your exercises facing Mecca.
That's not what I meant when I said buy yourself a Magic Carpet Yoga Mat®
When you asked on the phone if you could wear a rug to class, I assumed you meant a toupee!
Just dump her in the marsh and hurry back. Bikram is at noon and people drop like flies.
No manspreading here either!
Okay, but only if it levitates along with you.
Is there a child in that carpet, trying to escape from your rape shed?
Sir, I'm sad to see that the Occupy Yoga movement didn't fully take off, but you need to leave.
The flying carpet class is next door.
Your rug or mine?
I realize you're NEW but, at Bow Down Yoga, you need to KOWTOW, and bring a regulation mat.
We don't do magic carpet rides here—try the Steppenwolf music studio next door.
Oh, come on! I don't smell that bad!
My concerns have nothing to do with its being from Iran.
It's yoga and not yogart and no you can't sit and gawk for a while.
Ah, great Persian carpet; much roomier. Good price, too. Couple of questions though... . Has the Mecca GPS device been disabled? (Off-screen) "And ask him if you should get a CARPET BOMB Rider on your insurance while you're at it."
Meditation is never soft.
This came from Alibaba himself.
It smells like your dog has been doing more than downward facing on that thing.
Which way is Mecca?
My "inner self" weighs 350 lbs.
Where did you get your mat? Costco?
'Ill be honest, your hat says Golf,your rug says Judo,your shoes say Tennis,are you prepared for another failure?
I hope you brought a vacuum with you.
Nama - go away.
I'm not sure it's relevant that the rug store was going out of business.
The rest of the team will be joining us.
Eco yoga is next hour.
I think you went to the wrong mat store...
Pole dancing is at 6:00 PM.
We don't allow "rug envy" in our studio.
Really? A "power carpet" for Power Yoga?
We all know you supported the Iran deal. But isn't this taking things a bit far?
I said "Don't stay," not "namaste"
I know you said yoga mat, but this is all my mom had!
The Sail With Solomon Insanity class is on the roof.
We don't allow wool mats in our vegan studio.
Get a grip! I'm paying $125 a square foot to rent this place.
Broga? Yes, we embrace that in the basement.
I believe your delivery is for Chow Down Yogurt on 63rd.
My higher self likes to be comfortable.
We recommend a 60% wool blend shag carpet for beginners.
this must be a common core issue??
Pick a remote dumpster..no questions please.
I thought yoga was an eastern thing so I brought my oriental rug.
I feel at home on the ball field, so I brought a piece of the outfield with me.
Do you take a couch to a baseball game?
That's 'Oriental.' You're gonna need something more 'Orientalist.'
No, I said I wanted to shift body fat, not a body!
The aerial meditation class is upstairs.
You must be the Bro-ga instructor.
I suppose size matters
#sisalruglife?
It's what's on the inside that counts.
A mat is not a status symbol here.
"Whoa man, this is yoga, not magic carpet flying.
Yeah, me and my magic carpet are feelin' the Bern.
I don't care if it is a magic carpet; it won't help you with the difficult poses.
You can use your rug, you just can't unroll it.
Relax. I'm a real estate guy. This is just what we do.
Sit your asana down, and we'll get started.
That’s nice, but in this space we’re more interested in the authenticity of your selfhood.
I promise to be amazing.
Yes yoga is meant for natural turf.
Excuse me, but I am reasonably sure we are not zoned for that!
Did the Maharishi give you a receipt when you bought this rug from him?
You must be a mama's boy.
No, Steve, The Room wasn't a funny movie. Put Johnny down and go home, you're embarrassing me.
Staying at home was also an option.
Wrong delivery address. Try Persian Yoga, two doors down.
Only on Throw Rug Thursdays
Yes, I'm aware that 'guru' spelled backwards is 'urug.'
Your third eye chakra won't be spinning properly using that yoga mat.
It's Indian, not Persian.
Just lunge your way over to the yoga temple at the truck stop.
While we do encourage class unity, it is expected that everyone who does roll their own not infringe upon other people's space, in your case the Bob Marley class starts next hour.
We're a strict no-frills yoga studio.
What did you bring to yoga class today, Cleopatra?
I don't care if it really ties the room together!
You 'enlightened'? Not when your carpet is made of non-sustainable fibers.
"Nice - but you know, not everything has to be about size all the time'...
As long as it doesn't start to fly during class...
Cool, yoga carpet. Can you install it wall to wall?
"No...That does not make you yoga master..." Submitted by Rebbecca Parker Charlevoix MI
Hey, my spot, blanket!
First time doing yoga?
Don't tell me, your hands aren't small either.
No, It's not civil rights issue, we just don't allow Afghans.
"That's not what I meant when I said: "size MATters.'
I already explained this. No matt, no yoga pants, no yoga.
You can start by massaging your inner eye.
I am so sick of manspreading.
I think you're overcompensating for something.
MAT, Mr. Donaldson, mat!
No, we don't supply padding.
Let me guess your occupation.
I don't care if you have a sensitive butt.
I don't care if that's the real you. I'm not going out with you.
Can you have it back by Tuesday? I'm flying the class to Nepal.
It's carpe diem, not carpet diem
I don't think you understand how a group class works.
Fine, just don't get a rug burn
I see your rug rats will be joining us today.
I suppose re-purposing IS ecofriendly
That doesn't look like it's from Lululemon...
I said a Yoga mat, not a vulgar mat
Your spot next to the fireplace.
Sir, you can't wear hats in the yoga studio.
I get that you have a very large aura, but we just don't have enough room in here.
If, as you say, this is a magic carpet, then it's not a yoga mat, is it?
I guess I misunderstood when you claimed to know 'down dog.'
Mats only and no shoes. Hats optional. Namaste.
Please tell Aladdin that we have spare mats he can use.
I said "Namaste" not "No mats stay."
Was that a direct carpet ride, or did you have to change in D.C?
Magic carpet rides are being held on the roof. This floor is reserved for relaxation yoga.
Om-M-G
I'm just saying, there may be an issue with finding your inner balance.
It's not the size of your mat but the depth of your dog.
Ok, but I'm saying "NO" to the recliner, the big screen TV and beer coolers
And lose the baseball cap too.
I ordered a yoga mat, Matt, not a yoga rug.
So you're THAT guy, huh?
Can't you take off your shoes??!
Eric, your claim of a flying carpet is a bit of a stretch and has no charka value with me
Mosque delivery is next door.
Perhaps you could come back when I'm not here.
Yoga is Far East not Middle East.
Magic carpet or not, you don't get a discount.
Sir, I'm afraid you'll have to remove that hat for this class.
Nooo, by rugged we meant like determination and toughness to get through this free week-long trial yoga class.
You're late. You were supposed to bring that to my belly dancing class.
You just took the 'relaxation' out of 'relaxation technique'.
Sorry, in this studio, size doesn't matter.
But that rug really tied the room together.
Please put that back. We can rent you one.
There's no need to compensate here.
I've recently lost a lot of weight.
Really Matt , why am I not surprised ?
Sorry - If it doesn't hurt, then it's not yoga.
It's yoga, not Alladin
No, we do NOT do Kama Sutra here!
This is Bow Down Yoga Class. Bow Down Agony is next to the out-patient clinic.
Just like a guy. You have to have the biggest one.
Prayer Rug goes to the Mosque, next door.
Sweat-repellant, odor-resistant—and indeed, paleo.
The Suds and Rugs is down the street
Actually, the bro-ga studio is next door.
Follow me ,it looks like you're pretty tightly woven.
I have a rug, can I join women's yoga now?
Mantra. Not manspreading.
Tell Mr. Trump he can use a regular mat like everyone else.
Last week you brought a hookah, so it's an improvement.
...do I need to take my shoes off?
Your mat looks a little too rugged.
The hat isn't the problem.
You're right. A rug does make it feel like there's no place like "om".
Think minimalism
You're looking for die in the wool yoga
You're paying for everyone's chakras realignment surgery!
We only use synthetic, wool is so last century!
It is lovely. It is Indian. It does smell like "down dog". And there lies our problem.
Even if yoga did originate in Persia the answer is still "NO:.
Many of us do achieve great personal growth.
I am going to have to call you on the carpet before you set foot on it.
Size does matter! Sure, I''l share your mat.
...thanks to Yoga for Less I can.
You may have a rug, but you don't have a prayer.
Everyone, the Wheat Grass is here.
You'll have to come back tomorrow, Ms. Antoinette just called in sick.
Namaste can only happen in my natural element.
Fine . . . but when we go to the ballgame I get to take your recliner
With all due respect for your religious freedom, prayer rugs don't meet our yoga mat policy!
Is that supposed to make you look rugged in this feminine environment?
The flying carpet class is down the hall to the right.
Thanks, but yoga is really more of a solitary sport.
Yes, but Aladdin never thought downward dog was a resting position
Delivery new friend, unfurl and relax. We can move the new rug karma later.
We are not trying to smuggle weapons here.
You're early. Please let the Jolly Green Giant know his XXXXXXXL yoga workout doesn't begin until four.
I'm afraid we can't do anything about your girlfriend's body now.
Your mantra should be Hoover
It was given to me by a Yoga Genie
Sorry, I don't date yoga bros anymore.
The first thing you have to learn is that less is more.
Cleopatra just left
I think you're more of a runner than a yogi.
I just feel I need my own space for a while.
And exactly where is this so-called permit to remove the instructor?
I don't care that Mr. Trump can only use a "Persian", we don't allow those anymore' We've sent all our "0rientals " back to their original countries.
I'm sorry, the head-butting, high-fiving and knuckle-dragging classes were all cancelled this week.
My friend might show up later. He really likes doing corpse pose.
You say Mr. Trump will be here in 5 minutes?
I know you want to get closer to my inner-self, Honey, but your inner-self needs to get the heck out of here!
Sorry, you can't wear sneakers in here.
Frank, I appreciate the offer, but I don't feel the class is ready for Bigger is Better Xtreme yoga.
The only way a woman can get a man to bow down to her is if she's his Yoga instructor
No, you can't leave a body here.
If there's a body in there, you have to leave.
How typical
I'm going to go ahead and assume this is your first yoga class.
No you can't bring your dog, it's Bow Down Yoga, not Bow Wow
Magic, Smagic, it's not welcome here!
Men: We're even rugged during Yoga
Oh, now I get it...you were talking about your mat!
Is this the macho man yoga class?
I'm sorry - we don't accept posers
Come on, it's not only functional, it really ties the room together too!
Rug size doesn't matter here.
No shoes here please.
What a fancy yoga mat! Where can I buy it?
In this studio size doesn't matter
So I'm throwing around an idea for a new Broadway show, "Bikram Elliott.'
Don't be embarrassed, we'll say it's a luxury model.
Thank you for leaving your couch and TV home this time.
Persian Yoga is On the Next Block .
Looks like you're here to nama-stay.
I don't care if it is Oriental.
If someone dies during class, your job is to dispose of the body.
That's not exactly what we were talking about when we said let's "Feel the Bern" for today's yoga class.
Matt, you of all people should know the difference.
Magic carpet ride lessons are two doors down.
We don't condone manspreading in our studio.
So, new to yoga?
See, this is what I mean -- you don't understand me, Norman.
So you think this time magic will help?
I don't care if it's a magic carpet, you can't use it in class.
Gambino liquidators? ... Next door!
This wasn't the kind of burn I was expecting.
It's not Lululemon, but it'll do.
When I said "hold space" for your yoga practice, I meant figuratively.
Please carpet the whole place - Don't know why we didn't do this years ago.
There is no such thing as team yoga!
Oops, I brought the wrong one. Then may we share the same rug together?
You're not being very flexible about my yoga mat.
I'm sorry that removing the whole carpet was kind of a big stretch.
It won't make for an authentic experience.
Jesus, Derek, do you have to overcompensate for everything?
Sorry, but due to President Trump's executive directive we had to eliminate our liberal "Persian Rug" policy.
Tantric Yoga is on Tuesdays
When we practice yoga, we unify our body, mind and spirit. We do not have to feel "snug as a bug in a rug".
You're late because breezy way classes for giant rug yoga ended for hicks with hats yesterday.
Um, this is a tassel-free zone.
We only serve poseurs.
Nama-DON'T stay...
No, I will not turn over all of my cash, unless you have something pointy rolled up in that carpet.
No, no, next door The rug goes to the hookah parlor next door.
Sorry, it's Yoga Yogi. You made a Boo Boo.
I don't care if you perform better on the home turf. Leave it at home.
I'm sorry the magic carpet class just ended
OHHHHHMmmmm, nope!
Cleopatra, is that you?
What I told you last night about size does not apply here
Next time, can you please not yell out "woof woof" when we do Downward Dog?
A magic mat, you say? Can I use it to get fit without exerting myself?
You're new here. Right?
You muslims always think you can kill two birds with one stone.
You won't impress anyone with the size of your man rug.
The size of your Chakra has nothing to do with it!
Governor Christie's Mat Must Face Trump Tower, Not NJ!
Namaste Lance. You are the first Texan to try our Groupon.
We don't allow man-spreading here.
No thanks--we're completely satisfied with natural polyester.
I know this is supposed to be a couple's activity, but just pretend you are here alone, ok?
A 'yoga mat on steroids' may miss the point.
Perhaps we need to make that "no solicitation" sign easier to see...
I'm afraid that won't fly
Are you trying to overcompensate for something?
I heard the World was ending, and wanted to ask God if he could postpone this event a one more time.
It's "namaste"not "no mats day"
As you can see, there's a large difference between a rug and a mat.
You're embarrassing me again! I said that the magic carpet ride was AFTER the yoga session.
I understand that you have the biggest one in the gym, but you are not going to put it in MY spot.
Like, no, I don't want to smoke it later.
I suggest that you take your Yogi Bear sleeping bag, and your power nap elsewhere.
Bro Down Yoga is two blocks over.
The bliss of your being ends at my asana.
...and we are not all vegans.
bad downward dog
The broga class is at ten.
I said hot mat, not hot rug.
Your passive-aggressive schtick is wearing thin. Please go home and make dinner for the kids, okay?
Yes, we can help you lose your roll.
This is a non-hipster yoga studio.
Sorry, Aladdin...that carpet won't fly over my downward dog.
Perhaps you could "just run a few laps" around the interior of your skull?
Ah, you found Mr. Trump's toupee.
Oh, I forgot, Ben. You skipped second grade to play baseball, and second grade is when we learned the difference between a rug and a mat.
It's not the size of the mat that's important. It's how you use it.
After years of being told he was inflexible, Jim finally took matters into his own hands.
It really ties my workout together.
I don't care if its made of all natural fibers.
Fine. I get it. Size doesn't matter.
Okay, I'll charge your mites half price.
Sorry. The flying carpet yoga class doesn’t start until next week.
Okay Aladdin, unless that thing hovers over the class I suggest you get a normal sized mat like everyone else.
its time to do yoga like a real man
But I'm Persian!
Sorry, no Aladdin registered here.
The Hollywood Yoga place is next door.
I assume you have a very large pick up truck to carry all your 'masculinity'
No.
That's fine. I'm flexible.
As I've said before...size does NOT matter !
The martial arts gym is two blocks north.
And is your whole team going to join you?
Your Magic Carpet cannot pause in my Studio!
New to the City?
Really? You want to man spread in here?
My problem? Let's start with your hat.
No I won't share your mat and I'd prefer it if you set up in front of me.
You are going to get carpet burn when we do the Up Dog pose using that thing. Billy's response was "What's Up Dog?"
I meant finding your comfort zone in the spiritual sense.
A Hummer with a Jersey plate was left outside with its lights on. I assume its yours.
The gift shop is doun sairs if you don't know.
To be honest, we've never tried aggressive self-realization.
They're laying sod next door.
What ever happened to ladies first?
We do Indian style here, not Persian.
There is no 'I' in Yoga Mat!
Could you please center it? And yourself?
Sorry Bart there is no ménage a trios in my yoga class.
Sorry, "Take Your Ogre to Class" Day was last week.
Your dirty mat makes me want to throw up, not bow down.
Overcompensation is an obstacle to spiritual pathways, Sir.
Unroll that filthy thing in here, and I'll see to it you don't get up from your downward dog! Namaste.
"Aladdin Who sent you?"'
Compensate much?
Size doesn't matter in yoga.
Your definition of mat needs an update.
Other non-recommended props include two cinder blocks and a jockstrap.
The sign says: Bow Down-- not Chill Out-- Yoga!
Oh, you must be looking for the carpet cleaners. It's the next store down....on your left as you exit.
I prefer to use a carpet
I suggest that you assume the Exiting Patron position.
Where should I put my area mat?
The manspreading class is down the hall.
Girl: " What are you even doing?" Boy: "Yoga!"
Even if we did levitation that would be cheating.
"If that's the living room rug then you are about to do a very realistic Corpse Pose".
We already forgot lesson one, didn't we?
ok, yours is bigger than mine. now what.
Namaste, Adam.... you are embarrassing me...
Shake out your mat, Frank--we're missing Mr. Whimpley.
We only show you the pose, it's up to you to dispose of the corpse.
Magic carpet lessons, start at noon
It's how you use it.
You're looking for Man Cave Yoga next door.
A baseball cap? Really?!!!
We're sorry, but the downward facing dog is not allowed on that rug.
What do you mean, your regular mat is at the cleaners?
I said to bring a yoga mat, not a magic carpet.
Before we start lets talk about expectations
Get serious, Ali Baba.
We don't do the same yoga. XOXO
Ixnay on the rug, ixnay on the Twister mat rolled up inside.
It's not the size of your mat, it's the angle of your downward facing dog that matters.
Sir, as I have already told you over the phone, we do not offer magic carpet rides.
C'mon, man. It really ties the studio together.
I have a feeling that your mother's dining room is now short one yoga mat.
No, the Persian class was this morning.
This is really going to throw off my savasana.
It's the only mat I could find.
We only allow gluten-free mats.
That's a bit of a stretch.
Look, we both know that size doesn't matter.
on this episode of "Fragile Masculinity" ...
My rug is bigger than yours!
No, we don't need a fuller rug.
No, yogi Berra is not in this class.
I don't care what your interior decorator says even if she is your mom.
The sign says, "No baseball caps."
Dig deep as you contemplate the difference between a rug and a mat.
''Extreme yoga is in the next room.''
I said size matters, inversely.
No, Joey, the point of yoga is not to sweep every single worry under the carpet.
The hat's okay but you need to take off your shoes.
Today's Class: Brazillian-Vinyasa
I don't care what kind of a carpet it is you can't fly it here
No, a magic carpet can't be used as a yoga mat.
I said I wanted a crumpet not a carpet!
It won't work, Bozo. I know Sue Ellen is in there.
No, it's dog down yoga, not "doggie-style" yoga!
You'll need to come back tomorrow for the beginning Yoga Fashion class.
Our new "redneck yoga" class is out behind the studio.
That's too much information.
I'm sorry, we don't do Persian Yoga here.
When I told you yoga could be just as rugged as football, this isn't what I had in mind
Any injuries?
Unfortunately, nobody here goes by Jasmine!
Look - if trump can be elected president, I can say no afghan ...rugs
Are you here to do yoga or to be Aladdin?
Sorry for the typo - but there's no such thing as pot yoga.
Size matters less than motion.
Sorry, but it doesn't match the drapes.
Wool, look who's here!
Yes...it is possible, ancient Persia had some kind of Yoga. But...sir, that's not the point...
"While I can appreciate the aesthetic value, your nonconformity is really throwing off my aura.
If you turn to your left you'll be facing East.
In yoga size doesn't matter.
Sir, the belly dancing class is next door.
I'm ready for Bow Down Yoga.
This room doesn't need to be "tied together," Walter...
I'm Shi, I need my rug when preying during yoga.
We don't encourage that much comfort.
Well, you brought a water bottle, right?
Sorry, magic carpets are no substitute for a yoga mat
I voted for Donald Trump
Don't worry Governor Christie, it gets easier with practice.
Are you rolling out the fella who 'bowed down' too much?!
Nice to meet you, Big Matt.
I have to ask you to leave... mat intimidation is not allowed here.
You know, yoga just might not be your thing.
When Sophie told me you had a Napoleon complex, she wasn’t joking.
Tell your Mom we don't do used carpet trade-ins.
OK, I get it it, you don't want to take couple's yoga.
Is that organic natural fiber?
The size-matters meme notwithstanding...that's too big!
I think we'd be more comfortable if you took our course online.
We don't teach levitation
The idea of yogi is to relax.
You'll still need to take your shoes off.
More yoga, less mansplaying.
Do your choices affect others? Consider your actions.
Please tell Her Majesty Queen Cleopatra that all the reporters have left.
We are not interested in making yoga great again.
'Make Yoga Great Again' is no longer at this location.
Take it to the dumps. The hard wood, floor refinisher is coming in the morning and get you Kids out of here.
Yes, we can help with lack of humility issues.
This is Ashram Yoga, not afghan Yoga
Don't even think about it.
Surprisingly, I'm not at all surprised.
Interior decorating is in the next building over.
No, this is not a 'friends and family' class!
I thought I do a try out before I consider buying any new equipment
Don’t let our name mislead you. Bow Down Yoga does not approve of a matt being your “Don’t let our name mislead you. Bow Down Yoga does not approve of a matt being your prayer rug.
Oh yeah, I'm going latex-free
I'm kinda old school...
I'm sorry sir, but you're going to have to remove your hat.
Does it fly too?
Did I forget something?
I am so sorry we cannot let your downward facing dog into the studio.
Your small-man, big-mat compensation issues are starting to hurt my business.
This ain't your grandma's yoga, please don't bring your grandma's mat.
Let's just start with an all natural diet
I saw you driving in. That's a very nice Porsche convertible.
This is one I pulled earlier.
The sneakers are fine, the socks are fine, the shorts are fine, the long sleeves are fine, the big rug is fine, but the Trump hat has to go.
Actually, it's the hat that worries me...
No, I don't fancy a shag.
I can't believe you wore that hat here.
Are you new to yoga?
This is Bow Down not Lay Down Yoga.
You'll learn to surrender your "body, mind and heart". And with any luck, the outfit.
When I said that it was okay to bring a big, bushy carpet I was talking to the women in the class.
Repo men must have really bad karma
OK Bob, but you will have to share with Carol, Ted and Alice.
Your first pose will be one I call "Restraining Order."
Unroll your mum and make your own damn breakfast.
You said get comfortable.
Not if it was the last mat on Earth.
First, I'll lead you though the nasty rug farewell pose, then the new mat salutation. Namaste?
Sorry but the Magic Carpet Dream Studio is two flights up.
We're not your outfit.
We've never had rug burns raised as a concern before.
Magic carpet rides are next door... But I'll go with you...
Trump Yoga is across the street.
No...Astro...Turf.
Please understand that we have only recently overcome the last flea infestation.
It's not the mat,it's your socks.
Welcome to a whole new world , my name is Jasmine and I'll be your instructor.
Yoga has always been GREAT!
You can't be serious...TUBE SOCKS?
No, we used to be "Dress Down Yoga," but we changed management.
We don't allow group bow downs.
Cleopatra is two doors on the left.
We no longer offer Muslim prayer aerobics.
Yeah, you should probably move the rest of your stuff too.
Bro-ga is at 6:30 *pm*.
This neighborhood just isn't what it used to be...
It's not that you're wrong...
I know it's you first yoga experience but you don't need a training mat.
Let her out, Fred.
Welcome to Bow Down Yoga, where we really, really try not to be judgmental.
No Babu, the flying carpet class is on Thursdays
First time at a yoga class?
Fine, but next week its 'namaste at home' for you and the rug, Carl
Are you here for a yoga class or are you moving in?
Man-spreading is at 11:30.
Our beginner's class includes a session on "Yoga for the tragically un-hip"
This is a class, not a sleep-over.
"We don't give flying lessons here!'
But. It's made out of all organic materials!
I didn't say it had to be YUUUGE.
For the last time, no. And stop having pizzas delivered during class, too.
You still have to take off your socks
In yoga, size does not matter. Namaste.
Trump Yoga is in the building across the street.
Shoes off, please.
Since this is your first time, we'll be flexible.
You're new here, aren't you?
Yes, I did say yoga could be magical, but you won't be needing that carpet.
You want "Takedown Yoga" next door.
Oh, hi Monty. Did you leave Sasquatch in the car again?
You said you were flexible...
Flying lessons are next door.
. . . That's Lululemon.com. L, U, L, U. . .
Flying class is at 6:30
You'll do just fine -- I can see you've got the right stuff.
We don't welcome Republicans.
I came to get down.
I saw that rug in the lobby
Just say no to rugs.
fringe is not allowed
When I said, 'Feel the burn,' I wasn't talking about rug burn.
Sorry, your mat is not ergonomically correct.
We seek not the size of the roll, but humility of the soul.
I'm surprised you didn't bring a pillow.
Our beginner's class is on the first floor.
You don't scare me!
Our instructor, Mr Baba, sbould help you overcome your fear of flying!
The rug can stay but those tube socks have got to go.
Magic carpet yoga is on the roof
You are out of place, or we are out of space.
Flying carpet class is upstairs
Aladdin, you can park your magic carpet outside and come join us.
Look, I'm sorry I called you uptight.
No, I didn't say namaste. I said your mat is nasty.
Hot rug-burn yoga isn't until 3 o'clock.
You show-off! I bet you think you could run for president someday.
Compensating for low chi?
I do appreciate your trying but we are just not on the same page.
Even IF your name is Matt...no.
You forgot the beer.
We'd have to charge you six times for the space.
When a bundle of yoga mats falls off the back of a truck, come see me again.
I love that you're protesting the commercialization of yoga culture, Jeremy.
My wife told me that y’all might be able to teach me how to ride this thing.
I understand; you want more space.
Hi Phillip, our Ashtanga economy plus class only meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Sir, I'm afraid this is a masculinity-free zone.
Listen, Dude. That rug is not going to tie the whole place together.
I am sorry sir, this is "Bow Down Yoga", not "Bow Down to Yoda".
Carpetbagger Yoga is across the street.
You're determined to find your bliss?
So tell me, does Aladdin know you took his carpet?
Downward-facing smile.
Is that the rug from the studio lobby?
So you're still mad me for showing up with that wicker basket at your game last week?
I have a delivery for Cheech and Chong.
If there is a boy in there, you'll have to take him back to his room.
Yes, but is it fair trade?
You'll have to remove your hat.
As part of our anti-Trump campaign we now offer 5 Bow Down sessions daily.
Yo, broheim - bro-ga is next door.
You must be Clemenza.
You may find your Zen across the street at the community rec center - the Intro to Carpet Laying class starts soon
"It's what Trump would do," does not give the right to take up more real estate than the rest of the class.
The Mosque is down the road.
How many times do I have to tell you, Mr. Hotchkiss, that this is not a team activity.
Persian Sufi Hatha refers to the technique, Matt. Not the mat, Matt!
There is an extra charge for showing off!
Welcome! Is this your first time here?
I'm sorry but you can't take naps here anymore.
Sorry, hats aren't allowed.
No, there is no best asana for a magic carpet.
I don't see how it's my fault that your downward-facing dog made a mess on your carpet.
My downward tapestry has really improved of late.
The light in me sees the strobe in you.
No, a yoga mat and a Persian rug are not 'basically the same thing.'
Nama-go, Yoga Berra!
Magic Carpets is two doors down.
I BELIEVE YOU ARE LOOKINGFOR THE CLEOPATRA YOGA STUDIO...
I distinctly said I wanted it "cleansed."
Our mat policy doesn't stretch that far.
This is yogA, with an A and in "America." You're looking for the yogI, with an i as in "India." We prefer rubber mats.
Ok, but would you mind being anti-establishment in the corner?
I don't know what's more offensive Sir--the magic carpet or your fake Indian accent.
You won't be Aladin.
Extreme Yoga is up the street.
Oh, the levitation class starts next week...
Sorry, sir. We don't allow...hats.
You must be looking for Shavasana Yoga. That's across the river.
Yes, Brian. Yoga pants are really tight. And no. I'd prefer not sharing your 'really big mat'.
For greater harmony and unity, we require a matte blue mat.
It seems you misunderstand our name: this is not campaign training for Trump supporters.
Did you bring your "Lazy Boy"recliner too?
The Grateful Dead singalong is next door.
The rug burns are how I know it's working.
No manspreading.
The auditions for Anthony and Cleopatra are next door.
No, just hot yoga. Try 31st between Park and Lex for Persian.
No, I ordered five one-foot mats.
Let's say smaller is better sometimes.
How inadequate is inadequate enough?
This is just like when you brought that pool cue to the batting cages.
This is an exercise class , not oriental bazar ...
Our class for the refreshingly un-commercialized starts next week
Ommmmmmmmm??
Yes the Instructor position is open, but I must say, you looked better on paper, Mr. Guru
No, Aladdin doesn't teach here, anymore.
Yoga-tta be kidding me.
Right here will be fine, thanks. I wasn't sure which mat to bring, so I just thought, why not both?
No, that’s my YOLO mat. In case of any impromptu photo shoots.
Looks like someone took corpse pose too seriously.
Your magic carpet doesn't work in an exercise class.
Planning on expanding your practice, I assume?
No, I do not want to shag, thank you.
O.K., Aladdin. Fly away home.
I can't wait to see your 'yoga blocks'.
, we do not accept advanced students
the size of your mat doesn't prove anything. not even Donald Trump could pull off THAT rug!
I thought your kind was open-minded.
The "Make America Great Again" cap is okay, but we don't allow Oriental rugs.
I understand it really ties the room together; it's more an issue of space.
Woman: You're clearly here as a spectator. Wouldn't it be easier to just go home and use your parents' internet? Guy: Nah, Imma stay
Where do youse guys normally dispose of your used, uh, yoga mats?
No, this is "Bow Down" Yoga --- "F#@K YOU!" Yoga is next door.
You can start by getting your rug off of Barbara’s head.
You'll find the hot yoga class down the hall...next to the fireplace and easy chair.
A Lu-Lu Heriz Serapi?
The oriental class begins at 3 o'clock.
I'm guessing it's been a while since your last class.
I'm telling you again, there is no Julius Ceasar here.
The unintended consequence of improving our relationship with Iran.
I said bring your mat, Mr. Trump, not your rug.
No, I ordered yoga mats, not fine quality oriental rugs. I can see how that would be confusing.
No animal byproduct mats are allowed here.
Are you sure you've never been here before?
Why don't you start with the man cave, couch potato, reclining sloth pose.
The latest from Lulu Lemon
I told you: hot water and hot dryer.
Is this some kind of strange nod to Brie Larson?
You're looking for the Sicilian yoga studio next door.
Can you CUT a RUG?
Our website says we offer yoga and zumba classes here, not Roomba.
That's not how we roll.
No shoes and hats sir.
Sorry but to use a 5' x 7' mat you'll need to upgrade to our 'Premium Plan.'
Two sides of the same coin: To judge is to be judged
Feel free to leave your yoga mat camouflage at the door.
I get it: you're angry with the donor-class Yoga establishment.
Overcompensating for something?
Look, for the last time. You're not Aladdin and you can't show me the world.
Sir, yoga cannot turn your carpet into a magic carpet.
Now I'm gonna show those amateurs some REAL yoga
Runners are in the next studio on your left.
Sure, yours is bigger than mine. Now, let's see you do a Pungu Mayurasana!
I really don't care how much you paid for your Oriental yoga mat.
You're the third guy this week who's told me, "It really ties the room together."
please place your shoes and hat at the entrance
I don't care if it muffles your farts...
I see you're already good at posing.
Is there a lamp in there too?
No, you may not bring a pillow next time.
No, this is not the "Room" sequel pitch session.
I hope your downward dog is housebroken?
No, I would not like to join you on your magic carpet.
Ok wise guy. Is it for Alladin or yoga bear.
No, it WILL take up room on the floor because that is NOT a flying carpet...
Bow Wow Rug Repair is downstairs.
I'm sorry, this relationship is no longer mutually beneficial
Yes, I can see your mat is big enough for two, but no, I do not want to practice Kama Sutra positioning with you.
Got a dead body in there?
The flying carpet class meets on the roof.
Once you liberate yourself from that carpet, maybe you will start to live.
Overcompensating much?
No... I will not be your "Jasmine."
You can try the mosque next door but I don't think they'll want it, either.
No ... Full Prostration Yoga is around the corner.
May I take your brother's measurements as long as he's here?
It's not the size, it's what you do on it.
With the downward dogs, think a little less shaggy, a little more Weimaraner.
Sorry for asking sweetie, but I just can't tell the pitchers from catchers anymore.
Jules, did you see a sign on the door that read 'Dead Nigger Storage'?
“winning isn’t about carrying a mountain and moving a step-but about carrying Pebble and taking a leap”.
This is Bow Down Yoga... NOT... Lay Down and Nap!
There's no magic carpet ride in yoga.
I don't believe that "killing two birds with one prayer rug" is how the old saying goes, sir.
You must be the guy from Om Depot.
No sir, carpet flying classes are next door.
Let me guess: you're new to yoga.
I studied in Iran.
I don't care if it did belong to your granny, it is not acceptable here.
Just remember to take off your shoes.
Where do you want the body?
I know no one likes to be called on the carpet...
Okay, you're very rugged. Ha, ha. Now get lost.
I figured that you weren’t gay, even before you asked me out.
We are the nose-in-the-air Bow Down Yoga Club; The distasteful Rug Rat Yoga Group is down the street.
Let me guess. You flew in on it.
A little presumptively ambitious, don't you think?
Maybe EAST 23rd?
Did you know there's a boy in there?
You're one of those subway manspreaders, aren't you?
...It's vintage.
The mat is fine. The hat, pants, and socks have to go!
That is not a yoga mat its a mat for the woods get out of my class. I didn't have any money to afford new one though.
I'm here for the Persian yoga session.
Old school? Nice!
I'm so pleased that your little sister is interested in yoga. Did you bring her with you?
No hats.
Hipster yoga moved to the coffee shop next door.
Put. That Rug. Down!! Rugs are for Yoga only. Do you think I'm f'ing with you? I am not f'ing with you. I'm here from downtown. I'm here from Samir and Ravi.
Magic Carpet Studio moved to Brooklyn.
Aladdin's moved next door.
No, it's not because you're Muslim...
Okay, forget everything I said about getting in touch with your inner self.
Yes normally that's true, but with this I am not flexible
Yoga is timeless; you are too now.
No, sir. You may not show me the world.
That will be perfect for when we get to the downward dining-table position.
What is it with men and size?
We're here to stretch, Jimmy, not to fly.
I have no comment.
I said, no magic carpets!
Yes, I see, but we only offer haute yoga.
At least our orientalism isn't gauche.
I'm afraid magic won't help you master even the beginning positions.
"Artisanal Yoga" is not a thing.
I don't care if your name is Aladdin, no magic carpets, only yoga mats.
Magic Carpet Ride is next door Mr Trump
I see you brought a man-size mat this time, Andy.
No, you cannot smoke that in here!
You know Yoga can be done at home too.
You know, the bigger the mat, the smaller the.......
No, you can just use a regular mat for High Flying Dragon.
Big feet, big hands, really big mat. Yeah, I get it.
UMMMMM.
While we respect your enthusiasm and unique style, we just don't feel the intermediate class is quite ready for you yet.
We don't do America's gonna be great again.
I appreciate your effort, but you still can’t date my daughter.
The competitive yoga class is upstairs.
Bigger isn't always better, Ron.
I understand your name is Matt but that doesn't entitle you to use a rug.
No, Yogi Berra was not a founder and you may take that patch back to right field where you found it.
I'm sorry sir, there are absolutely no shoes allowed in the yoga room. And, um, oh nothing.
The 'Guy on a Rug' class starts at 3:00.
It's your first time. I'll be gentle.
... and another thing, the appropriate greeting is 'Namaste', not 'Animosity'.
Yes, but is it sticky?
OK Jack, forget everything I said about size.
My name is Aladdin. What's yours?
Is that Persian?
Coach I know it's a close team, but they all need their own mats.
For your information. Yoga is not a spectator sport.
I find using a rug really helps me from slipping in downward dog
Tabriz Yoga is next door
I'm sorry sir but there is no Downward Manspread in Kripalu.
That's made of sheep, right? This is a vegan studio.
Overcompensating just a bit?
When you called earlier today I said foam, not faux
Brewsky Yoga is next door.
I can understand your attachment to your blankie but rules are rules.
I don't care whether or not it ties the room together.
That would have to be the early evening family class
I assume you won our donation to the recreation league fundraiser?
You want to be great again?
This happens more often than you'd think. But it's 'Bikram,' not 'big rug.'
Want to stretch the kinks out?
I'm sorry, the 'flying carpet' class was canceled due to lack of enlightenment
So, are you planning on being here for a while?
Unless there is a more limber body in there, you can leave.
We do not have an oversized locker.
No, I said it wouldn't be picnic.
Outside.
Your name is Matt. You’re old school and prefer rugs. Do I have that right, Matt?
tepraC cigaM yM
Don't even try to say "Nemaste".
He said. Take any rug in the house
I am here to do Mr. Trumps workout for him. Where shall I put his mat?
Footwear needs to be left at the door.
I don't care how special it is, Aladdin. It exceeds the allotted floor space
I don't care how authentic your mat is; socks and shoes must be left outside!
I don't care if you DO have Cleopatra rolled up inside!
Namaste, Millenial.
I'm sorry, "eastward-facing dog?"
You're calling me 'inflexible'?
Please understand there will be a $25 excess baggage fee.
Because a Scout must also be flexible.
Bob,this class might not be for you.
You'd be surprised how inflexible we can sometimes be.
NO PRAYING
Seriously, I don't think the type of mat matters when yoga was first practiced.
Absolutely not! The last guy left with a woman rolled up inside.
Yes, in some cases size does matter but not with yoga mats.
Sorry, there's a bigger class on Tuesdays. And were having small retreats on the weekends...if you have a placemat feel free to join.
This is a bend and kneel yoga class not carpet replacement.
We just do yoga here. The genie has moved his flying carpet classes to the cloud.
Elephant yoga's not til tomorrow.
The Discount Oriental Rug Emporium is two doors down.
Aladdin's class doesn't start for another hour
leave it to you to bring a rug to a yoga class
What? Your the one who said size doesn't matter.
I'm sorry, but this is a rug-free zone.
Aladdin, that outfit doesn't fool anyone
I'm pretty sure that's not what she meant when she asked you to pick her up at Yoga!!
You pay for floor space by the square inch.
What happens in your man caves stays in your man cave.
...and my name is Princess Jasmine but it's still too big!
This is a No Manspreading zone.
Your dog still needs to remain outside the studio.
No, I'm afraid I'm not familiar with the 'Reclining Chair' position.
I'm sorry; your mat is large enough for two or more. Yoga mats must be individual size. It's the law.
Ron, I don't appreciate your passive aggressive reminder that I need a wax.
Honestly, Jim, do you have to try to outdo me in everything?
No, that's not the stumpasana prop.
You must be at the wrong place. Man Cave Yoga is 2 blocks over.
Oh sorry, this is Hatha Yoga. Persian Yoga is tomorrow.
Doesn't matter what Yogi says: you can't take a two-hour nap here from 1 to 4.
Is this the class for beginners?
No Mr. Trump the size of your Rug will not make Yoga Class Great Again
It's not all about the size of the mat you know...
More male ego - " Your mat is bigger than my mat." Not appropriate!
I'm sorry, your gift certificate declined.
You know this isn't the "How to be Aladdin" class right?
Billy! Didn't I TELL you to remove your hat when in our sacred realm?
With all due respect, we request that you not be visible from our window.
I'm sorry, but our "Mastering the Flying Carpet Course for Beginners" is on Tuesdays.
Send Henrietta back. She's beyond our help.
Leave your sarcasm at the door.
I'll never fly.
Yes, Mr. Johnson, you are a rugged individualist. Now may we begin?
sir , your truck balls are double-parked
Nope. It's not the same thing, at all.
You may think you're the big dog here, but I'm the alpha dog.
I hope you realize, that this will triple your class fee.
We haven't had a mosque here since the Bush administration.
You know the rules. Only Lululemon brand accessories in this class.
Our Bagdhad branch is across the street
Mr. Trump, are you seriously expecting us to bow down to you?
Namaste, where should I park my carpet
It is a gorgeous rug, but I think you'd be happier at "ElephantYoga" down the street.
You always have to over-compensate.
The "Broga" class isn't until 6pm.
Oh Wow Yoga is up the street.
So, I take you're new to yoga?
This is my turf, back off.
But 'home court advantage' does nothing for your practice.
Stop trying to sneak her in!
You always did strike me as the rugged type.
I don't care if you brought it, or it brought you.
#matenvy
I'm sorry that you think our mat rental charge is outrageous.
I'm not judging, but your chakras are blocked.
Is it safe to assume that you are here for the beginner's class?
What's the thread count?
"No.....one mat with 8 people does not get you a group discount".
You know what to do with the body...and you can keep the rug
Because yoga mats aren't meant to 'tie the room together'.
There's a strict 'No tube sock' policy here at Bow Down Yoga. Now clear out of my spot!
Is that my new Persian yoga mat?
Magic later; come back with a yoga mat and then suspension.
Let's make yoga great again.
No, this is not where the Spring Break Carpet Contortion Contest is being held.
Yoga Cartwheels is in the Annex.
Make like a tree pose and get out of here.
Thank you for delivering our new rug on the weekend. Please leave it in the reception area.
Sorry. The do yoga Downton-Abbey-style is on Thursdays.
For the last time Jeff, I'm not interested in romantic yoga for two!
You are zeroing in but keep toning down.
Abandon Magic Carpet, All Ye Who Enter Here- you missed the fine print, Mr. Nudgniak?
You are not moving in. This is just an hour class!
This is the billing address.
It's no picnic! Believe me!
There is no such thing as "broga."
The Leave It to Beaver Yoga Class is down the hall.
That's not the kind of magic carpet ride I meant.
I still want a divorce.
Just set yourself up everywhere.
With whom did you consult regarding your new yoga mat?
If Tina Fey can have a California King, I can have a California King
I'm sure Mr. Berra would be touched by your tribute.
Remember, no flying more than two feet above the floor.
We do yoga, we don't do perceptions of yoga.
I'm sorry, they only use this space as a flea market on Sundays
Nah! Musty
I think you're looking for Man Spread Yoga over on 10th Avenue.
The cap is a distraction, it has to go.
Am I supposed to be impressed?
Your mat is simply too large. Please stop calling me "inflexible".
Everyone is equally welcome here. But you need to leave.
It doesn't need to tie the room together.
No, John, I meant ‘corpse pose’ figuratively.
The Downward Mobility class meets on Tuesdays.
Don't make me go to the mat over this one.
The 'Yoga For Clueless Guys Level 1' class is in the next room
Is there a small boy wrapped in that rug?
Are you seeking health & a peaceful spirit or the rug cleaner next door ?
Zumba is at 4PM
Your name is Matt not rug!
The Blue Collar Yoga Tour is two doors down.
You won't be needing that for your rugby or yoga class.
Flows before bros?
Your nonconformity does not conform to our nonconformity.
That rug culturally appropriates Asian culture and it doesn’t belong here. Namaste.
We're all so impressed to hear your yoga skills are "yuge."
This class may not be big enough for the both of us.
You know, that thing won't protect you from queefs.
In my business, it's either 250 nails or NONE!
I'm sorry, but Erin Andrews doesn't take classes here anymore.
We all deserve our own space, just not the entire room!
No, this is Bow Down Yoga. Down Cow Yoga’s on E 59th St.
Is this the group yoga class?
Get real!
Are you here to pray or stretch? No, we don't allow naps.
This is a Yoga, not a Thug class!!
This is a yoga class. Not an audition for Aladdin.
No…its not just because you're "for Donald Trump".
You can't bring your flying carpet and hope for a miracle.
You're new.
Unless you're setting up for a troupe of acrobatic Midgets, Bow Down limits mats to personal size!
I'm sorry, "one with the rug" doesn't start until 4:20
Rule 1: There’s no “Yo!” in yoga. Rule 2: No man-spreading.
Contrary to popular misinformation, it is not the carpet that transports you.
I know the class was hard for you, Mr. Shmedly, but I won't stand for your using that Killim.
Let's put mine on top of yours.
No, you may not market 'PhatMats' here.
By any chance have you seen the movie"Room"?
You just said bring a mat
You really haven't got a handle on this, Dave.
Only if it is a Lululemon carpet.
You can't smoke that in here.
And I don't believe your name is Aladdin either.
What I said was 'we do our yoga exercises on the floor, please bring a rug' but, but.....
A good move for you would be to roll yourself up in that thing.
I liked you better when you carried a blanket, Linus.
No, dad, this is definitely not a hot yoga class.
They don't have a Merit Badge for Yoga
It was either this or the front door mat
I like your pile!
Compensating for something?
You really need to relax Jerry...maybe you should sign up for three classes a week instead of one.
It may very well be a vintage hoverboard but it's still banned.
You are welcome to join, but I must warn you that your membership includes random urine sampling for performance enhancing drugs.
My personal space is rather large.
I signed up for the Premium Membership
Shaggy Down Dog Broga is down the street.
Okay Aladdin, show me your stuff......
No, you can't demonstrate the sleepy-time pose.
Don't worry.  I'll stand with you in your vulnerability.
You by any chance Norbert? Your grandmother just aller, and she sounded upset.
A one-percenter Downward-facing Dog? Nowhere near me, dude.
Take your "Y"oga chromosome, and get your big asana outta here, Buster!
Do you really think a cup was necessary?
You haven't seen Cleopatra around either?
We like our foods natural but our mats synthetic.
Let's just say you have the aura of a Trump supporter!
I doubt that you'll do any better with a magic carpet than with an ordinary yoga mat.
beginning yoga is room five.
Down your dog, why don't you?
Believe me, Bob, nobody will be bending down into your personal space.
Hot yoga doesn't mean you're supposed to bring things to get warm.
Now, concerning your spittoon...
If you have to roll your wife in a rug to get her here, her chakras aren't open.
Personal space issues?
Please lose the mattitude.
This is my assertive pose.
Oh my god, size isn't EVERYTHING you know...
Good, now hold that position until you achieve yin.
Yes, the camel must pay full price. ....I've seen his knees.
Just take that back to Walmart.
Unless you have a small woman in there, you've come to the wrong place.
I don't care if it's magic, there are no shortcuts to enlightenment.
I'm sorry, but seniors yoga was last class.
It's okay. Umm. . . did anyone see you come in?
It's not the size of your mat!
Do we have to go over manspreading again?
...And take off your cap, too.
That's the mat you're using? Yoga-tta be kidding me!
This is a Yoga studio, not a mosque!
That isn't minimalist enough...
I don't believe The Donald's ego is enrolled in this class.
Yeah, so, big carpets and yoga don't mix. Just ask lululemon.
Normally I'd bend over backwards...
You're looking for the broga studio.
Persian yoga doesn't start until 2:00.
Take your magic carpet and beat it, Alladin. The only way you'll ever reach a higher plane is on a sticky mat!
The flier said "raja" yoga, not "rug-a" yoga.
It's Jamaican rolled maan.
In America we only use certified non-slip yoga mats.
You must be here for Aladdin.
Perhaps Hakim can help you.
I knew the Iran deal was a mistake.
Since I consider myself the Lance Armstrong of yoga, it's definitely not about the mat.
Our policy here is flexible.
That's not the usual workout rug, but we're flexible.
Sorry I'm a bit late. I brought my mat.
We have to stop meeting like this
I'm guessing you drive a Hummer.
A downward dog with a matt, not a dirt dog with a rug.
Beginners carpetboarding is next door.
They stopped offering casual Fridays months ago.
Do I look like someone who would order a Persian carpet? (Italics on the word "look".)
I was a boy scout, ma'am.
Sorry, we do not allow those colors.
It is not!
Every individual has their own preference according to what they may feel comfortable with.
Next door.
The difference is your Chakras know the difference. That's the difference.
. . . and then after your first free session, if you want to sign up, we'll require some form of enlightenment.
Magic carpet ride huh?
No Manspreading Here!
Not in my class—unless it's fair trade, of course.
Be careful, you don't want to get rug burn
Take off your hat. I want to see if the drapes match your carpet.
I meant something like a large bath towel, not a carpet.
You can move in her "mat," but SHE has to do the yoga.
This is the Bow Down Yoga Studio, not The Yogi Bear Show.
Doing the Lotus Headstand Variation with Bound Legs would impress me -- your merely sitting cross-legged on a 19th century silk Tabriz does not.
I think your looking for Boogie Down Yoga across the street.
You won't find your Jasmine here, Aladdin.
Look Phil...Unless that's a magic carpet, you're still not going to be able to do the one-handed tree pose.
I need it cleaned and back for my 2:40 to LA.
The carpet rolling class is in Studio C - between aerial ribbion and poll dancing.
I need a bigger mat, there are no half measures with me...
Shag yoga is upstairs.
You must be looking for the beginning class.
Magic carpet or not - there's no such thing as aerial yoga sir.
You heard "bad Dog" I said "Down Dog"
You're never going to find your inner chakra on that!
Oh, one piece of advice- in here, the smaller the rug the greater the prestige
Loose the hat, Frank.
Sorry, no manspreading.
Your first lesson will be about how less can be more.
I don't care what Trump says.
Sorry, this is a manspread-free space.
The difference is... your mother is wrong and I am right... again!
Bow Down features happy baby downward dog today.
Yes, I remember you well from Overachievers Anonymous.
No free carpet rides here
Sir, yoga is an Asian spiritual tradition, not Oriental.
Ahh..Meditation 101 is down the hall.
you only need a mat not a rug.
YOU WANT THE UPPER CRUST OF YOGA,THERE'RE IN THE PENTHOUSE.
What do you mean, where do you want it?
I don't know... just throw her skinny ass in the East River, or a dumpster. Do I have to do EVERYTHING around here?
Perhaps you'd consider our flight school instead.
Do you have a bank account to match?
Where's Aladdin, and what have you done to that magic carpet?
Wrong workout session, bro...
Sorry, I don't care to cut the rug.
very amusing Cleo, but your still late!
I was here first Mr. Jones, so no, I won’t share your ‘rug’, and no, I most certainly have no plans of ‘doing’ the setu bandha position with you.
Why did you come here?" "Well...To dance I think.
So why did you bring artificial grass for yoga class today?
I've been locked in a room for years
"You can try, sir, but I question if you and your rug are a fit for our program.
and you can tell Mr Trump that he'll use the same mats as everyone else, even if they WERE made in China.
Herbal or not, smoke it outside.
No, we can't be flexible about this.
I think you're looking for yoga for yutzes.
Just how big is he?
You studied at Trump University?
Mat cleaning and repair? Next door.
" I came prepared to stay all day".
Seat's taken...
We used to use thicker mats in Alaska.
It's not enough that I have to deal with the hat.
When I said that we were going to be be practicing the corpse pose today I didn't mean literally.
Rugs are fine, but no hats.
Seriously? You brought an Indian rug to a bikram yoga class?
You New Yorkers just love walking all over people.
You said I needed to take your hobbies more seriously.
It will be safe on the bicycle rack..
If you can't confine your yoga mat to a 2'x5' space, you will have to pay a double registration fee...or promise never to return until you are in a state of enlightenment.
You're not fooling anyone! A bigger mat won't hide your small hands.
A larger mat will not help you master yoga any faster.
Are you looking for Trump Magic Carpet Riding School? Next studio over.
I asked for the memory foam rug not the oriental.
The rug can stay,but that hat has to go
Looks like you really want to tie the room together.
Does it fly?
It's not a competition, Larry.
Perhaps you were looking for the Fight Club down the street.
I don't care if you can levitate. Your flying carpet is too big!
Please go ohm.
So you were told a yak mat will enhance your peace of mind and release tension? H'om...
Sorry, there is no tailgating in yoga.
This 'bigger is better' mantra you live by is getting old.
Is this where we channel the divine energy of the macrocosm and attain freedom from the cycle of death and rebirth?
I see you don't know the difference between a rug and a mat.
Polow Yoga is next door.
I don't care how big Trump's yoga mat is - I still say he has small hands.
Sandra, I respect your opinion but this is my Yogi Bear mat. If we just take a deep breath...and relax...I'm sure we can make this work.
Your name might be Matt, but it's still a rug.
That's remarkable, Harold, but we actually don't do any flying in this beginners' class.
If anyone croaks during the downward facing dog, we can just roll 'em up and haul 'em out with one of these.
Something in the rug angers our chakras.
I see you've mastered the corpse pose
Bow down refers to yoga positions, not to you.
And also, there's those socks.
It's not the size that matters, Mr. Little, it's how you use it."
Believe me, Aladdin, there is no magic carpet ride to nirvana.
Dump her in the swamp, but hurry back. Bikram starts in five.
We don't like show-offs here.
'The School to Master the Flying Carpet’ has moved to the ground floor of this building.
We voted to allow the rug, but not the coffee table.
Your first time here?
...and I TOLD your wife NOT to try that pose at home.
Yes you do have to take out the body first.
The new body you get is supposed to be your own.
Sorry. Today is Low Lunge. Plow Pose is next week.
There may be some lingering resentment.
Where do you want me to put President Trump's yoga mat?
Sure I can give you a mantra. Try YMCA.....YMCA.....YMCA.....YMCA
Harold realized too late that his "magic carpet" pick-up line would never work in a yoga class.
Sorry, no shortcuts and no magic carpets.
Free Yoga Raffle Winner?
Hard-core, are ya?
What did I tell you about holding rugs like that? People might think you're a gun toting terrorist. Or worse... a Republican.
Extreme Rug Beating is next door
"You'll have to loose the hat".
Let's start with downward-facing Saint Bernard.
For the last time, sir...there is no way you can do yoga in those shorts.
I thought I made it clear that i wanted my carpet installed at home, not at the office.
"Too bad about the size of your penis".
I think you'll find this much different from home fitness videos.
Yes, 'Namaste' does sound an awful lot like 'no mats today'.
It's actually the attire that doesn't fit.
The bro-ga class meets on Tuesdays.
We don't allow Trump mats in here.
So what part of 'mats' did you not understand?
Nama’say no.
Size doesn't matter to me.
Team yoga for the clueless is on Wednesday.
Who are you? And what have you done with Cleo?
That isn't the relaxed look we are going for
Sir, next time can you bring your own yoga mat? That rug isn't supposed to leave the lobby.
Excuse me Sir, this is a yoga class, not a carpentry store!
What it is it with men and their obsession with size?
It's not the rug, it's the lack of smug.
Does this look like 'Yoga for Bros?'
Exactly how much yoga are you planning on doing today?
No sir, the shaggy rug would not necessarily improve your performance inside or outside the studio.
Oh, how I do love bring-your-husband-to-yoga day.
Oh, boy. Call me when you have grown up.
Oh yes, this was an empty lot not too long ago... all yoga studios and coffee shops now
The advanced relaxation class is next door.
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I don't think this relationship is going to work.
Persian enlightenment is this Thursday.
I told you comfort in this class is relative.
What happens when couples can't agree on an exercise.
Is that mat of yours big enough for two downward dogs or is that a magic carpet?
You've brought me the wrong mat peasant, be gone.
No, I will not do couples yoga with you on your magic carpet.
I'd like to sign up. I'm down, dog.
You'll give everyone rug envy.
No, no discount for having been to the mountain.
Your outfit is bringing me down, dog.
Attain a higher plane? Pretty sure that's not what they meant.
Not here, the magic carpet yoga class is on the roof!
No, it isn't. Yoga for Dummies is down the hall, second door on your hand with the carpet.
Well well, look who it is... Mister "Namaste at home."
I could see, how much the studio's slogan "Come & Relax mind and body" inspired you.
Thanks for putting the "Brah" in Brahma, Jimmy.
Yes, I am flexible, but 'Beer Tuesday' is not going to happen.
``You appear crude, even vulgar. But if you can breathe and relax when ordered, you'll find only love at Bow Down.''
Wash it in cold, then dry it on high.
I'm guessing this is your first time?
This isn't dance class sir. All rugs must be pre-cut.
There you go with your size issues again
Are you more interested in a magic carpet ride?
I'm sorry, but, this is not about your comfort!
Only if the elephant's Indian.
Military yoga is down the hall.
Yes, we do promise after only one session you will carry your body differently.
I think you might be looking for the hookah lounge, it's across the street.
No, we don't keep score.
Put her out back for now.
My wife and kids are joining me in a bit
I’m not your “dude.”
Yogi Berra was never ever here.
You shouldn't wear a hat inside.
This is just like that time you brought the foam finger to the ballet.
We don't subscribe to manspread Yoga here.
Breathe in and now Breathe OW!
I'm on a budget.
I'm sorry, but mats must be 100% unnatural.
I need a lot of room when I do yoga, ok. Do you really need that much room?
Post modern is no longer in.
If you're from Mr. Trump, the answer is still no.
There's no such thing as a yoga rug, Jay.
I understand that the fringe make you feel more comfortable. We don't judge here.
It's perfect for our locker room.
Yes, I'm certain this is yoga class, hookah class meets tomorrow night.
It's supposed to be a mat not a flying carpet!
Sorry, but you won't achieve enlightenment any faster with a dhurrie rug.
My downward facing alligator requires a rather large surface area.
That kundalini pick-up line is so overused!
Oh my, that rug stinks. Sorry, people who use oriental rugs for hot yoga need not apply.
Put that in the corner. It's for my dog, Downward.
We just don't have anything in common Kyle.
I went to you go rugs instead of yoga rugs. I took the wrong rout!
I'm sorry but your not allowed to wear your Make America Great Again cap in here
And the other reason is because I can see a body rolled up in there.
Sweetie, The Kamasutra themed class was a joke.
I'm sure you'd be more comfortable at our sister studio: Bro Down Yoga.
The sign at the door clearly says no shoes or socks allowed
Is there a body in there?
You might want to try Berra Yoga instead, down the street.
Please stop trying to 'Make Yoga Great Again'
Bigger is not better around here, macho man.
I don't care if you slide around when you sweat. No gloves, no shoes and THAT is not a yoga mat.
I'm looking for an authentic spiritual experience.
Please leave. We have a strict no shoes policy.
Let me guess, you drive a Hummer
One day you will also keep the seat down!
Look, Matt, it was just an affectionate nickname.
When I said doggy down to you, I was -not- referring to a yoga position. Get lost!
The carpet we can handle. But your outfit... uber non-spiritual.
Sorry, no discounts for your bowling team if they all use 1 rug.
Tell Cleopatra that Julius is not here on Monday's.
Is this the place for bowing training?
Uhh, exactly how LONG do you plan on staying?
what? but i'm Arnold jr. !
Will you promise that it doesn't fly?
What would happen when a man brought a carpet to have one room for a yoga instructor?
Is your exercise buddy in there?
I brought The Magic Carpet so the blue genie can grant you 3 wishes.
Bow up and out the door yoga starts now.
Aladdin just left on another magic carpet.
Fine, as long as your downward dog doesn't bite.
Normcore yoga starts at 7:30.
One's mat is not for carrying one's inner self, Biff.
This isn't little-league.
A huge mat won't hide your small fingers Donald.
Well...there goes the neighborhood
I'm sure it does really tie the room together, Dude, but not this room.
Is my penis bothering you?
No, I don't know what they say about a guy with a big rug.
You are in the wrong place. The flying carpet studio is on the roof.
Please don't light that smudge stick in here.
If you cut the rug, you can join our dance class
First of all it's called a "mat" and no we can't put the game on TV.
You really should not be forcing your girlfriend to come to class.
No, sir. This class won't teach you how to make your rug into a flying carpet.
Sorry - we have a magic carpet ban.
I'm getting a strong feeling you exaggerated a bit on Match Chat.
I'm sorry, but here less is more.
I asked for wall-to-wall.
Everyone pays, no matter how they get in!
Our ancient practice requires a polypropylene mat.
What a loser.
This isn't a sleepover!
Finding your chakra is not about going big or going home.
Thanks, but we're not interested in an 'upgrade' at this time.
No, the complaints have not been about your baseball cap.
No, I won't yoga-long with you.
Sorry, that won't fly!
If you want to free your mind you have to do exactly what I say.
Manspreading is next door.
I see you brought your own mat and attitude.
This class is 'waiting room only.' Just like your rug.
A magic carpet will not help your lotus pose.
You can get rid of the stiff out back.
I don't care if you are an artisan bread baker for Subway, you're not using that mat.
I insist. Men first!
Sir, There is no such thing as X-Factor Yoga.
Loose the silly hat!
The competitive yoga studio is two blocks over.
No, I was not in fact aware that A-Rod said "flexibility is the new strength".
Not if you keep calling it a camel toe viewing platform.
The flight school is next door.
You'll have to wait... They're not converting this building into condos until this afternoon.
We are all-accepting and all-loving, and you're not in uniform.
Can I get a family rate if we all use the same mat
You must be interested in our group rates.
...because rubber mats don't have mites and chiggers
This is yoga, not carpet flying
The introduction to pre-yoga class is tomorrow.
Mixed doubles? Good luck with that.
Next time, I want more lotus pose and less genie lamp.
The Advanced Cultural Appropriation class isn't until 3.
You say 'authentic'; I say 'hygiene'.
Sir. Your mat is too big. You can't carry it and drink a low fat latte at the same time. You must leave.
Tyler, do you always have to have the biggest mat?
You must be looking for the yogurt place next door.
Are you as flexible as Trump?
Oh, just keep it. My Ex, Aladdin, left it.
It your OM. It's not vibrating at the correct frequency.
All due respect, ma'am, you said to bring your own mat or carpet to suit our comfort... You see, in football, grass IS our mat and where my boys are most comfortable , and we'll go to any lengths to win, even yoga - so where do ya want us to lay it?
Broga meets on the 2nd floor.
Sorry, flying carpets are not allowed.
I said a mat, not the living room rug!
Well, yoga CAN be a magic carpet ride.
You want the Bow Down to Me Yoga class next door.
You'll have to leave class, you're just not conforming sufficiently.
Our overcompensation group meets down the hall.
Namasté, but you're not exactly doing your root chakra any favors here.
Yes - That's Donald Trump's Yoga Mat
You're like some guy with an RV camper going backpacking.
It's just 'Bow Down Yoga' now; the 'Aladdin Magic Carpet' chapter folded up because of the recession.
This is my Bear rug, from my recent hunting expedition--I'm dedicating my practice to the Bear's spirit.
Well, it's better than last week's sleeping bag.
At Bow Down we do not allow the picking up of a partner.
'Nap for Two Yoga' is next door.
As usual, Donald, you've mistaken this for a contest to have the biggest one.
It's okay as long as you can take everyone in the class to A Whole New World.
Wrong mat, Matt
Yoga keeps us grounded. Flying carpets is next week.
We do not allow hats.
Actually, Subway doesn't use that chemical in their sandwiches anymore. Yoga mats are safe again.
We're seeking a path to enlightenment, not a Hajj.
Okay, okay, I'll stop calling you "Yoga Matt".
What else was I supposed to put on the non-slip mat?
Your hand size has nothing to do with your mat size.
Sorry, the Cleopatra roll is not a pose I use.
No, I haven't seen Sylvia, but she owes us for last week's lesson.
Usually my clients come here voluntarily.
Yes, I can see you have a big one.
The Yoga for Dummies class starts at noon.
Small hands?
Just fly in?
You've mistaken us for Textured Plush Yoga down in SoHo.
Are you by yourself?
Sorry, Sir, the flight school is next door.
I don't care if it's soft and fluffy.
The flyer said this was Persian yoga.
Sorry, our carpet flying program is on hold pending regulations.
I see one last spot in the back corner in front of the heater. Namaste.
Om my God.
It's snow big thing.
That wasn't funny when we were dating either
Antique Roadshow is right across the street!
No, naptime is across the hall.
JOE, IN THIS CLUB, WE EXERCISE, NOT SLEEP.
I'm sorry but yoga is not a spectator sport.
I’m sorry, we’re still waiting on our magic carpet yoga certification.
I really don't care that you flew here on that magic carpet - it is too big to use as a mat in my class.
The beginners class is at noon. Ok, well I'll be back and namaste to you.
I can't believe you brought the Persian into my sacred space
Put it over there in front of the throne.
Rough and Tumble Yoga meets on Tuesdays.
This is Yoga class, not a Dry cleaner
This is a " Yoga Meditation Exercise Gym Class", not a Muslim "Call To Prayer"-- No shouting out, " Allah-ou-Akbar ! Please !?!
Sorry sir, but we only allow 18 square feet of Karma per person.
We focus on silent judging here. Passive agressive yoga is next door.
The non-conformist yoga instructor doesn’t stick to a regular schedule, but you’re welcome to join my class.
Well, look who the dog drug in.
Do you want to meet me at the juice bar after class?
Mecca is out the window to the Southeast.
You might be interested in the thousand session package
Yes Mr. Trump, I can see your mat is bigger than mine.
Sorry, no Afghans allowed.
I'm sorry, it's not the carpet, it's what could be inside.
We only take plastic.
We don't do that kind of stretching.
Yes, I am delighted to learn your dog would not move her asana and join us.
Use whatever you want. We're flexible.
You don't know the Crane menage à trois pose do you?
I'm sorry, but everyone has to come willingly.
Not what I meant by 'feel the burn'.
Students shouting, 'we're not worthy' will be asked to leave.
I'd recommend we start with something that will clear the Republican Debates out of your chakras.
The BYO class is downstairs.
I knew Amazon would mess up my order for mats. This is an Axminster.
It's about your shoe size
But, it flies when I sit in a Lotus position!
You want Thriftshoppa Yoga, next door.
Alladin's class is cancelled. He had to take off.
Mat, Matt. Mat!
Something tells me you may be high maintenance.
The dress code is sort of implied.
Roger, yoga is about so much more than who has the bigger rug.
Someone's compensating for a weak chakra.
You really didn't need to bring a "man sized" mat, Bob.
No, Mr. Rodriguez, we do not allow performance-enhancing rugs
Please tell me you're a burglar and not a new student.
We do not allow manspreading.
Flying carpet practice is next door!
the lay-out-the -rug- and - plotz classs starts next tuesday
... And please take your shoes off!
Groupon?
'Bow-Wow' carpet exchange is downstairs
Separately
First time here?
No-más-stay.
No, dude, I don't think it ties this room together at all.
I thought I told you to leave your rug at home. It's ruining the finish.
Fair trade?
I'm sorry but your rug is too big!
I don't feel I'm ready to start a family.
No, the flyer stated free 'Spring Fling Yoga Class', not "Free Spring Training Yoga Class'.
I thought that an Oriental rug would be more authentic
That looks like a downward dog pee stain.
This is kundalini, Persian yoga is down the street.
Is this because I brought kale salad to your Super Bowl party?
No, I'm afraid using a bigger mat will not 'make yoga great again.'
No, we don't want to buy any PDX carpet to keep our yoga studio weird
Donald, bigger isn't always better.
I need my space
"Where's the Ganesh?"+
Full-Contact Yoga is next door.
You must have some heavy meditating on your mind.
That's not lululemon...
I don't want to practice my downward dog pose next to a rug that smells like dog.
We don't do group therapy.
Do you lift weights on your carpet?
Fine, you can keep your shoes on.
Perhaps Broga Yoga isn't for you, "Bro."
No Charles, I definitely said lululemon -- not Home Depot.
Just because your "mat" is Persian does not mean we're not flexible.
No Aladdin - I don't believe it'll show me a whole new world.
Did you seriously just say the word "Oriental?"
Just a word of caution - our membership rates vary by mat size.
It doesn't matter if she lets you roll her up at home, this is not an accepted position in this yoga class.
That would be the flat-weave position.
I know your name is Matt. And the thing you're carrying you call a mat. But that is not a yoga mat, Matt.
Rugs are NOT the new mat
No yoga for you!
It needs restretching.
No, I don't want to go on a magic carpet ride with you.
Big rug, small hands... Big deal.
You're going to need a smaller mat.
Do you need help moving your furniture in?
The size of the yoga mat doesn't matter. It's the exercise technique that counts the most.
I'm cool with the mat, but lose the shoes.
Explain to me how this makes any less sense?
Don't you have any friends of your own Bob?
I said carpe diem!
Today we learn the manspreading position.
Close your eyes, man; look inside, man; let the ground take you away.
"Man-spreading" is also frowned upon here.
No, this is Bikrim. Blue Collar Yoga starts at 11.
...also a three letter word, yes.
You said bring a mat you could fit a body on right?
The persian class was cancelled.
No, hot yoga does not mean you're supposed to get rug burns.
Her Bow Down dog soiled the rug
I see you're feeling the rug Bern.
This is yoga. The rug store is down the street.
2 words: Rug Burn.
Does that come in antimicrobial?
But can you welcome the rug burns?
Nama-leave, please.
The Agoy Nwod Wob rug gallery is next door.
For the last time, using an Oriental rug does not make it more authentic!
Did you really take rug weaving at Trump University?
You were warned about drinking from that bottle without a guide.
Bigger is not more enlightened.
Breathe, Donald, breathe. I never said you had small hands.
You here for a yoga class or to hide a body?
I keep telling you, size doesn't matter.
Like many things in life, it's not how big it is, it's what you do with it.
Are your hands large enough to unroll that thing?
I don't care if Mr. Trump says you have to think huge to be huge--and no, yoga is not all about the square-footage!
The 'yoga for dummies' class is meeting in the back room today.
I dont know where you can get it cleaned
You've brought a mat. I can tell we're going to enjoy working together.
I’m sorry. ‘Dead’ is the one body type not welcome here.
It's not _that_ kind of Oriental.
Sorry, Mr. von Bode is in the 4 o'clock class.
Is that your mat or are you just happy to see me?
Make this his final downward dog.
It's Vinyasa. It doesn't matter what direction Mecca is.
To practice here you need to be outfitted in Lululemon.
Think of it as "Yoga" meaning "You Oughta Get A" followed by the word "mat". NOT "carpet"
Rugged Yoga is next door.
I didn't know Goliath was into yoga.
Am I holding a tree trunk?
It's not about the size of your mat.
And you weren't at all suspicious when you searched "Yogi" on eBay?
Go to the dugout, drop the carpet and empty your mind.
Does the texture of your mat improve your Downward Facing Dog?
The Stand and Deliver Yoga is next door.
This is the Bow Down studio. The DIY studio is on the second floor.
No, this is about exercise, not obedience.
Most of the other boyfriends just wait outside.
What? I sweat a lot, the rugs more absorbant
In this case, bigger is not better.
This is Amazon's best selling mat?
Sir, shoes aren't allowed in the studio.
I'm sorry, but, in this class, size doesn't matter....
The magic carpet class is next door.
There's no manspreading in yoga.
I don't care if it's magic, you won't fly through this class.
You say you're an intermediate to advanced level??
You shouldn't compensate with your mat.
Moving in?
I told you to bring your own, that's from our lobby.
TRY BIG BOY RUG YOGA AROUND THE CORNER
Yoga for the Tragically Unenlightened is next door.
I ORDERED A 2' BY 4', NOT AN 8' BY 10'
You'll have to smoke that outside.
Delivery for Mrs Trump!
I don't care if it's big enough for everyone to share. You still can't get high in the studio.
That's right - if you take up two spaces, you pay double the fee.
Ah--next door, Trump Tower.
That's a bazaar yoga mat.
Sorry, but yoga class is about conformity if nothing else.
Kindergarten is in the next room, wiseguy.
I guess we'll see who's more flexible.
In yoga, bigger is not always better.
Just because it's from India, that doesn't make it a yoga mat.
We can't help you find the rug store that used to be here but we can help you find your center.
Manspreading is reserved for our advanced class.
Seriously? That's your yoga mat? It had better be hypo-allergenic, that's all I'm saying...
You do have the family rate?
You'll have to pay for two.
As your instructor, my initial advice would be to loose the magic carpet, the socks , the tennies, the gimme cap and your attitude.
It's 'bow down', not 'move in'.
Sorry, DIY yoga is in the converted janitor's closet next door.
Namaste, but you must go.
Are you going to kill and roll me up in that rug.
Your godfather recommended this class?
The flying club is next door.
Downward facing dog? A male at my age needs a magic carpet.
no thanks. that sounds like too many crouching crotches.
If you've got a body in there, the mortuary is next door.
This is a minimalist yoga class. The maximalists meet for five hours on Wednesday nights.
I can rule the bends here, but I can't bend the rules...
What's with the baseball cap in a yoga studio?
Get out--We don't allow Afghans in here.
But I just had hemorrhoid surgery!
I'm fine with your choice of yoga mat. But the table and chairs will have to stay outside.
We can't keep having this conversation. It is not the size of the mat--also that is not a mat.
We still don't offer group discounts.
Meditate on this: Oriental yoga matts are not permitted!
That rug has to go - I can't be flexible.
No one wants to hang at your pad.
You still haven't breathed out.
I'm sorry Mr. Room, but that's just not funny.
Chipotle delivers?
I think you want the carpet cleaning place next door.
What do you have in there....Cleopatra?
Sorry, no family discounts.
It is required that your mat be decorator approved!
Relax. Magic Carpet 101 is just down the hall -- second door on the right.
But is it sustainable?
No, Kama Sutra class is in Studio B.
Why do I feel like I just found the " Grey" M&M? I'll call you on the carpet in that corner over there.
Without a beard you will always be that creepy guy in yoga class.
"Thank you for coming, but beginners' class was yesterday." For the finalists in the issue of March 7, 2016 I wish to submit an honorable mention: Trump's tower looks even bigger from here.
No- we don't offer Persian yoga here
No, I can't translate care instructions.
Overcompensating is strictly prohibited.
Our 'not-hot' yoga class doesn't meet until 4.
The doobie competition is down the road.
Home Depot is next door.
Let go of the rug, so we can achieve it.
I just came back from India.
I'm sorry, Sir. The flying carpet class ended at 11.
Carpet and mat are not synonyms.
Let me guess--first time doing yoga?
I don't care if it's made out of kale.
That's what happens when you buy your mat from Craigslist.
If you let go of the rug, we will achieve it.
Honey, this "Make America Great Again!" thing has gone far enough.
You're too late. Magic carpet rides were all the rage in the late 60's.
Namaleave.
Sorry, kid. EBay lied.
Can we please just go see a movie?
Did you bring enough rug for the whole class, Stevie?
Another victim of the corpse pose.
Thanks, but I think that you ought to try Craigslist.
you are going to love how much lighter yoga makes you feel my friend.
I admire your ambition.
We're going to pass. Studies have shown artificial turf to be damaging to joints.
No. I'm sorry. It doesn't mean we bow down to you, guy.
My yoga mat may be carcinogenic, but you should see how your 'natural' mats stick to these $200 leggings.
Ever heard of rug burn?
I think you are taking the concept of going to the mat a bit too literally.
I don't care even if it's a flying carpet, I'm not going out with you.
The free range Dad Bod class is held outside.
Rug's OK - clothes are a no-no.
Is it moth proof
Yo Yoga? That's across the street.
Wow. You're, like, so authentic.
We must accept that the floor is hard and user space is small, son.
Do you have a note from your wife?
Yoga for The Carpetbagger meets in the basement.
For the last time, I won't take a magic yoga ride with you!
Okay, I will go with the rug, but no chewing tobacco.
Those mats are problematic. They tend to fly away.
I don't know where to start.
So, what was swept under it?
Living large and yoga don't mix.
The adult nap time class starts at 2:00.
You found it, stuffed away in an old drawer...!?...well, you need to think 'slip resistant'.
You're supposed to leave your shoes and your ego at the door.
Opposites don't always attract, George!
Your flying really disrupts the class.
Don't you think it is overstretching it to say you are channeling your inner, interior decorator?
The delivery is for Iyengar, so he needs to sign.
Lose the body. Then come back.
We're not going to roll out the red carpet to accommodate you here.
The knot yoga class meets on Tuesday.
We prefer to use overpriced underlay, not the actual carpet.
Okay, Donald, you win. Yours is bigger than mine.
I know you're trying, Jeff, but I just don't think you'll find inner peace with that outfit and mat.
Drop-ins are welcome. We ask only that each yogi park their privilege... next to their shoes... at the door.
That's not a vintage yoga mat. It's carpet.
Sorry, yoga is not a competition sport and a bigger mat doesn't help.
A little trouble with your downward facing dog again, Robert?
When I said "now do the Chinese rug roll", I was referred to the exercise.
Mandy never believed in love at first sight; she had only gone to class to stretch and relax, but she was completely intrigued and smitten with Steve's concept of wall to wall yoga.
The sign clearly says, 'No Persians.'
Yoga is about letting your mind go. I think you're half way there.
The workout isn't murderous!
Flying lessons are on the Top Floor
Cut the rug. Dude.
Size really doesn't matter.
Lose the hat, shirt, shorts, socks, and that rug, and we'll teach you how to be more accepting.
Actually we don't have 'Casual Friday' at Bow Down Yoga.
Only if it's a flying carpet.
It is not just a yoga mat, it is a yoga flying carpet.
No group rates. And that's final.
When I said "bring your rug," I meant the one on your head."
What are you, Old Nick?
Ultimate manspeading. Not very namaste.
No! I don't want to share your rug.
How's the new pickup treatin ya?
Red neck power yoga is down the hall.
You brought the wrong rug! That's not going to do Bernie Sanders any good at all.
Size doesn't really matter here, Mr. Trump.
Hummer or Bimmer?
Namaste! Wait until I say "Namaste," you oaf!
We have decided to go with the laminate.
No, the mat doesn't need to match the size of your ego.
Are you sharing that joint with all of us?
Agoy Nwod Wob means your coming at this from the wrong perspective.
I'm here for the advanced beginner yoga class
It isn't the rug or the clothes. It's the trash-talk.
We don't learn how to fly in the first class, Aladdin
Watch the hair!
This is your first time, isn't it?
The "Make America Great Again" class is next door.
You can put Mr. Trump's mat by the window.
This is Bow Down YogaIf you're looking for Magic Carpet Yoga, it's located on the roof.
I am impressed. You rolled your own.
You are yoga but not our sort of yoga.
Actually, nobody says that about the size of a man's yoga mat.
magic carpet or not, its too big for this class
It's actually the socks up to the knees that are really bothering me.
We don't accept Groupons.
I don't care if he's leading in all the polls, everyone ise the same size mat
I'm ready to relax now!
Sorry ---- this is a no frills zone.
I'm going old school
Is it your yoga rug, Rookie?
..I believe you sir, but the studio just doesn't need a "magic-carpet" at this time.
Well, at least you'll feel the burn.
Welcome!
We accept all faiths, make sure your rug is facing East.
We do not have an area for fans!
Are you Matt?
Sure, I'll trade you. Let me give you my card.
Are you Cleopatra's personal trainer?
So, is it true what they say about men with big carpets?
I ordered a zen rug, not a Persian rug.
That's not exactly what I meant by "orient your mat."
Why the shoes?
You know what they say about men with rugs
What Ivy League school failed to teach you the difference?
Got anything bigger?
No, Donald. I do not believe that the size of your mat is proportional to the size of your penis.
If that thing can fly, I suggest you use it.
Namaste, no you cannot stay.
Always under the impression that bigger is better, right Roger?
Nice mat Aladdin.
Sorry Lebowski... it doesn't tie the room together.
Sorry, we don't teach flying carpet.
What I need is a psychiatrist; I'm twisted.
No, Yogi Berra Yoga is two doors down.
Yoga isn't about the size of the rug, Rick. It's the notion of the motion.
I know it's large, but it also is my transportation.
Extreme Yoga is on Thursday.
Unwelcome karma, sir. No, not the mat, it's your NRA hat.
The Magic Carpet Ride class meets on the roof. Good luck!
Please deliver him back to the mosque.
At this point, she realized that the relationship was not going to work.
No, having a bigger rug doesn't help, either.
You were misinformed. This is not a mosque.
And I suppose your Armani is at the dry cleaner's.
That's a rug not a yoga mat.
The Yogi School is on the second floor.
The new student promotion also throws in a few lamps too.
This is not your grandmother's yoga class.
"We have an alternate my space concept." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
Is your moving truck double parked?
This is what i meant by "we are poor at communicating"
The class thinks using a magic carpet as your yoga mat is too flamboyant.
In yoga, unlike politics, size doesn't matter.
The beginning Persian class doesn't start until 10.
Sorry, manspreading isn't allowed here.
Let me get this straight....you want to show us what happened with your downward dog?
Might you be the Australian here to demonstrate outback oriental yoga?
I am sorry, this is not Persian Yoga.
No Sir, you cannot align your "mat" to Mecca.
There's no manspreading in this class!
The yoga class from 1977 called and said they are waiting for you.
"I'd like to sign up for one intense session of mindfulness please, Mam".
A tatami, not an Afghan!
This is a magic carpet...all who share it will fly through yoga....guaranteed!
Let me give you a list of everything you're doing wrong.
I am taking my rug and going home!
It's okay to use the rug as yoga mat, but the incense and sitar music have to go.
Please remove your shoes before entering the studio.
Sick or not, it's Session Five. Film it. Bring our rug back.
Mat's OK. Sending out for beer and pizza not so much.
It loosens up my downward facing dog.
No rule says you can't wear kneepads instead.
Could it be that you are using your yoga mat compensate for the size of your "hands"?
I see you're here for the Persian Yoga class.
Is your downward dog a Great Dane?
I don't care if you can do the Destroyer of the Universe pose, your mat's still too big.
Sir, the bro-ga sessions are on Tuesdays.
So let me guess, you're here to 'Make Yoga Great Again'?
I know it's a bit oversized, but the salesperson assured me it's 100% organic.
No, we're Bow Down. Berra is across the street.
I asked for the persian design!
Can I see your Groupon voucher?
As-Salaam-Alaikum
I don't think you understand. You're supposed to be uncomfortable.
OK, you can use that for a mat. But the 70s socks have got to go.
I told you not to wear socks
Uh your mat is quite big," "I thought size doesn't matter.
No, I'm not interested in a magic carpet ride..."
I'm sorry but your carpet-bombing is really attracting bad energy.
"IMats here rugs/.carpet/home.
Namaste. And, I suppose, Boo-yah!'
Here at Bow Down Yoga, we don't encourage glorifying our mats.
Please be more flexible.
This is the advanced class; Paleo-yoga is next week.
Wow, I'll bet you are the mood for some rhythmic breathing.
Sorry, we don't do the Seventh Inning Stretch.
We don't roll that way.
We try to leave our rugged individualism at the door.
What do you mean, Persian yoga?
You still have small hands.
'Super size me' is not an option.
I hear yoga takes you to A Whole New World.
Sorry about your downward dog accident, but we don't do pet stains
An Eastern-looking rug is known to improve a true yogi's practice. That's a good investment in your yogic journey.
Is that my delivery of all natural free trade organic yoga mats?
We don't allow manspreading here, sir.
Is this Cleopatra's first yoga class?
I thought we agreed I'd get the rug.
The La-Z-Boy class is in studio 2.
Yes, I teach yoga, but I don't have a magic carpet about how you can lose ten pounds.
Mostly we use a smaller mat.
What have you got there - Cleopatra?
I'm very sorry sir but we don't have a first-class section.
The bro-ga class was moved to 2:30.
The Aladdin Sky Flight class is two doors down.
I'm sorry Sir, this is yoga, not magic carpet training!
The size of your mat does not matter.
All are welcome here. You'll have to tell Mr. Trump, no shoes, no platform no exceptions Namaste'.
Sir, this is yoga. Size does not matter.
The spirit within me can't believe the spirit within you is here.
The rug is ok - but next time try not to bring the sofa and the tv.
Sorry sir your rug is too big and your shorts are too loose.
Because I want you to suffer like the rest of us.
This is Bow Down Yoga sir not Bow Down Yogi.
Personal space issues I presume?
No shoes in the yoga class
That's for "Rugrats," the mother-child Pilates studio next door.
Is this a fashion statement or do you just not get it!
Have you considered magic carpet flight school?
I don't care if your mat is 'really old skool'...not in my studio.
Actually, the rug is cool, but the socks gave to go.
You were asked to bring a mat for Yoga, not a rug for sleeping.
Namaste! I feel that it's karma that brought you to the?? Namaste! I believe it was karma that you found us through our latest groupon offer.
You're early... Persian Yoga begins in an hour.
You'll have to take your manspreading elsewhere.
No, no, no. Not “namaste”. I said you and the rug must not stay.
Ah yes, Persian mats are for the 1% class at 3 pm with Ambrosa in Studio Raj.
Uncle Guido says grandma's a little stiff.
Jasmine doesn’t teach today and she doesn’t want to see you anymore now that you’ve let yourself go
I said I take my purse and a mug, not a Persian rug.
Love it-but not the right size. Can you cut it, re-dye it, lower the price by 50% and deliver to my home for free?
No we don't clean rugs as well.
If anyone asks, it's 100% all natural.
I'm sorry, but we cancelled the order because Governor Christie has dropped the class.
Maybe Cleopatra doesn't WANT to learn yoga.
Sorry, Hot Rug Re-Weaving went out of business months ago.
Who's at home with the kids?
Sir, I would like to share with you that Bow Down Yoga is a place where patrons subscribe to minimalism.
Rug is optional, no hat and shoes, definitely no white socks.
I'm sorry. There is no major league in yoga.
And did you bring you 5 gallon water bottle?
Extreme yoga is on the second floor.
Well, well...what have we here? Another vain attempt at compensation?
No, it has more to do with the size of your hands.
The Lazy-boy and media center have to go, too.
You're early. Flying Carpet yoga starts tomorrow.
Your first lesson: there is no "I" in "Bow Down."
It's unorthodox, but I suppose a magic carpet would work as well as a mat.
The high-testosterone class is at 11:30.
We don't currently offer any classes in manspreading.
It's BOW DOWN Yoga - not BEDOIN Yoga!
I go in style
That's a great idea! I sweat a lot too.
There is no official mat nor dress code, per se, but not that rug nor those clothes!
So first we breath slowly. And we are mindful. Then, we talk about your mat.
I don't care "If it;s perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say," I say no.
I can help you with the poses but not your fashion sense!
You're a day late. Aladdin quit as of yesterday.
You do understand, "mat" isn't short for "mattress"?
I'm sorry, but we don't allow Persians.
Sorry, sir. We don’t allow any manspreading in this class.
No you can't run out to your car and get your six pack.
Persian Yoga is not our thing.
You must practice the Turkish branch of yoga.
Yoga for idiots is in the next studio.
I'd rather eat glass than fly with you to India.
Why would I know the direction to Mecca?
I'll bet you drive an SUV too.
Namaste, carpet diem
The flying carpet studio is one flight up. Is that an Air Loom?
We don't do man's spread here.
Mr. Smyth, this would make one of those New Yorker cartoons that nobody gets.
No Roger, not those Indians.
Let me guess, your first time here?
Sorry, but for our next class, that needs to Namaste at home.
Carpet bombing?
We don't tolerate baseball caps.
Your first pose will be the Dead Man's Stretch.
Let's start by unrolling your wife.
No, we can't turn that into a flying carpet, but we might be able to get it to levitate.
No, the studio doesn't need "classin' up".
Yes, I'd say it was an impressive flying pigeon Mr. Aladdin.
I'm sorry but we can't Super-Size yoga
Just try not to hurt yourself doing supta badhass konasana
I think you meant to deliver that to the hot yoga studio down the street.
Let me guess... Om Shopping Network?
Are you here for the bro-ga session?
If your yoga farts require such heavy dampening then we'd like you to work out at another studio.
You have small hands
This is no place for a magic carpet Al! Why can't you be tedious like the rest of us?
I want to see these sun salutations of yours.
Thank you for cleaning the downward dog mat.
We don't smoke and we don't chew and we don't lay with the boys that do.
No flying carpets, we're a mat based school.
Why don't you ask the rest of your crew to join us?
No thanks, I think I'll walk.
Jam Band yoga class is next door.
But we don't need a flying carpet here
Ii bought this at a garage sale, it was Jackie Gleason's tailor made yoga mat
I thought you meant you had a toupee.
It's not the size of the mat, it's the nirvana in the prana.
No we don't do juice and crackers.
No, a yoga rug is NOT LIKE a rugby rug.
Delivery? Oh, the coroner is next door.
I am assuming that your new body is in there.
Sorry, you're looking for "Dump Your Dead Body Yoga" down the street.
The downward dog is position...not a scent.
Planning to abduct someone?
We're not as flexible as you might think.
Scram! You can't do yoga wearing a hat.
Man Down is across the street.
Blue Collar Yoga is three doors down.
We have loaner mats. You can't bring your blankee.
I"m sorry, we don't have a passive-aggressive yoga class.
It smells like your down dog peed on it.
You have given me "cartoon caption writers block"
Hey ladies, I think I figured out who left the seat up.
"Magic Carpet Yoga" is across the street
Yes I'm sure Yoga is not a contraction of Yogi Berra.
No Bill, we're appropriating Buddhist culture this week -- not Moroccan!
It's 3 doors down for the men's class.
We don't do flying carpet lessons anymore.
I'm the chick you bow down to here!
Sorry, we have a dress and mat code here.
No, broga is on Thursdays.
Bro, the tailgate yoga center is down the hall. Namaste!
This is Yoga class. The Mafia after school program is next door.
It's made of hemp and it's perfectly gluten free.
Carpet cleaning is next door
I think this place is getting too flexible.
You're obviously not Matt.
Unless it's Cleopatra inside there, she'll have to pay.
So Cleopatra would like to unroll in our class?
Flying carpet class? One flight up.
Think of the possibilities.
My Persian rug is in need of a stretch!
Get properly dressed for the Dust Salutation.
Is this your first yoga class?
No, you may not use the carpet you flew in on.
Persian Yoga is down the street.
What, do you think the ancient Hindu had microfiber mats?
Sorry, but you will not be enabled by yoga to make your carpet fly.
Mr. Trump, that mat is yuge!
Sorry. The ad was supposed to say Flying Dog not Flying Carpet.
Listen, from now on Cleopatra walks in the front door the normal way.
Sorry. The studio has a " Say no to rugs" policy.
Bigger is not better Zen.
If your name was Carpet, would you have then brought a mat?
By any chance is your name Cleopatra?
If you'd like to use your magic carpet as a yoga mat, you're going to have to sign a waiver in the event that it takes off during seated meditation.
Clawing my way up this downward dog eat downward dog world.
I would have to disagree. There is no such thing as a yoga area rug.
'Abdullah's is one floor up.'
Ok, mansplain this one.
I think you're looking for the advanced class.
My bathroom mat was wet.
There's a body in there.
An over achiever I see.
It's not practical, but I admire your sense of aesthetic.
Yes Tommy, this is home-school PE.
I'm sorry, but manspreading is not actually a form of yoga.
Try Hemp Yoga down the street. Sir, our yoga is rayon based.
No, Zen Napping is next door.
I'm sure it is Old School but I'm still charging you double.
The Persian yoga is at noon.
I'm sorry, we only do spiritual cleansing.
Is that a Trump yoga mat?
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Our fees are based on square footage.
Yes, I suppose that is a less bourgeois way to "feel the Bern."
I'm old school
The funeral home is in the next block.
Get real big boy! Size doesn't mean squat in the race to yogahood.
I don't think it will tie this room together.
Man cave yoga is in the back.
It's a no-fly zone, Alladin.
One-upper.
Bet that's your Hummer out front.
The ultimate yoga wrestling class meets tomorrow.
I don't care if it Aladdin swore by it, you'll have to use a yoga mat like the rest of us.
I'm just not sure you'd fit in.
I don't know where you go the idea, but I can assure you; there is NO such thing as Doubles Yoga.
I'm sorry, sir, but under our agreement with the college, we can appropriate only one culture at a time.
Henry, I never doubted that your's is bigger than mine.
'You want to ride that thing to Cleveland? That is wrong on so many levels "
I said "bring your own mat," not "bring your home mat"
Maybe your coach was only kidding when he told you downward-facing dog would help your game?
We have one rule here--No fringe"
I'm sorry but no, we don't teach manspreading.
It's Corpse Pose, not Corpse Dispose
I admit it is YUGE but it has no place in my class.
Does this look like a rug store to you?
The best I can do is four chair poses, but no table.
The Flying Carpet lesson is next week.
That's so uncool; and besides your ex left 15 minutes ago.
Let me suggest knee pads instead of you, ah, rug.
Flying lessons are extra
You must be here to see Oprah.
They told me I could park in here?
I agree.....Bikram may work with a flying carpet.......but we're too close to LaGuardia.
No, you do not need an oriental rug for tai chi.
This is one place where size DOESN'T matter!
When you learn to meditate, you'll be able to fly without that carpet.
Salesman or no, yoga doesn't involve flying on a magic carpet.
Make yourself at home, but don't make it your home.
I'm sorry, we don't allow performance enhancing rugs.
Hookah Yoga is across the street.
Hello, Matthew.
You know, that doesn't compensate for your small hands.
And you CAN'T listen to the ballgame either...
Well, the ball cap might help you attain the infield fly position.
The yogic flying class took off 30 minutes ago.
I said this week we'd begin Kapotasan not Karastan.
Prayer rugs are a different tradition...
I said personalize not redecorate!
Ok, we require proper attire and there's a 'no carpet' rule.
Your mat's too aggressive. This is a yoga class.
All I said was, "You have small hands."
When I said you need to be more flexible, I meant more than your hamstrings.
The 'Yoga for Beginners' class meets down the hall.
Are you Aladdin in disguise or what?
I'm pretty sure inner peace doesn't come with free installation.
Did you remember your coconut water?
Don't join this class, because you can't even bring the right equipment.
You know, we do more than just 'abide' in this class, don't you?
I'm going to have to ask you to take off your shoes.
Magic carpet class is next door, sir.
NASCAR yoga is next door.
Yo, sorry I'm not down with this Dog.
No, not here...the consignment shop is next door...
You have to put it in the dryer.
I understand, but our instructors don't make house calls.
It's the finest, pure breed, free-roaming Himalayan Yak hair.
Have you considered Bubba Jain Yoga down the street?
Size doesn't matter here, either.
Great…another middle-aged "dude" who thinks my studio needs a rug to tie everything together.
You must have learned yoga in California.
You will be either the greatest or the most ridiculous student in the history of yoga.
Sorry, the Intro for Midwesterners class starts at 10.
You can stay, but no more talking about CrossFit.
Stop calling me Jasmine.
I don't care if it is Yoda's yoga mat, it's too musty to use here!
As long as it's made in China.
No, the flying carpet class is down the hall.
You're in the outward bow down class.
We buy cheap used carpeting. We sell expensive antique yoga mats.
What time can we expect Mr. Trump?
Please refrain from howling during downward dog, hissing through cobra or war hoops during warrior.
Is that a banana or are you just happy to see me?
You've got the wrong place you're misappropriating a different culture.
I think you're over-thinking this.
Julius Caesar's studio is up the street.
Man! You really went full out on your yoga mat!
This is a judgment free zone but your mat's too big.
The size of your mat really doesn't matter
Bro Down Yoga is next door.
You seem Old School.
Do we have a short finger problem?
And yes, I promise you that I will never ask you to eat kale again.
Orientalism? Yes. Oriental rug? No.
You can't light that up in here.
It's 100% organic.
You want more than your fair share, but you can't have it here, Mr. Trump.
Sometimes an exercise mat is just an exercise mat.
Naps are over in 'Kiddie-Kare,' Rug Boy
We seek to harmonize with dharma,not wrestle it
Around here, size doesn't matter.
Just make sure your downward facing dog doesn't have an accident.
I may have put up with your abuse of thesaurus.com but I’m not your English professor anymore.
Pffft...that is hardly a yoga mat. Perhaps that thick, loud rug is meant for the CrossFit upstairs?
Namaste' AWAY!
We tend to favor minimalism.
Nice rug, Matt
I have a wide stance.
Sorry. we don't super-size it.
Do you always carry your personal guru around in there?
Persian yoga is down the hall.
I thought you said you did Yoga!
Men or rugs, Wendell, you’re the reason I’m taking a break from Caucasians.
Goodbye Ted. I'm sorry. It's not your energy, it's mine.
Sorry, we don't teach the "Tie the Room Together" position.
Don't be surprised if I show up at your office with an equally ludicrous unsolicited recommendation.
I said Yoga met, not biggest mat.
Now that I've got the wiseacre, where should I put him?
"Your wife called. She fell and broke her hip climbing out of the shower".
I’m sorry, the “magic carpet” area is not yet cleared for take-off.
Workers Comp Power Yogee meet in the construction studio.
I understand that you own the HUMMER parked outside.
That's not what I meant by 'trunk'.
I don't care if your name is Matt, that's still just a rug.
Sorry, the Low-Bob Yoga is down the street.
Sorry, Mr. Perkins--but your small rug on top is even scarier than the big one for your bottom.
I don't think you're THAT flexible.
This is Hatha, not Mansplay yoga.
I asked you to bring the rolled yoga mat, not the rug from the living room
You're gonna need a smaller mat.
Maybe, Billy, if you used a yoga mat like the rest of us you'd be less inclined to soil it during Downward Dog
Is that dreadful rug an indicator of your political views?
I did not say you have small hands, Billy.
Supersized spots pay a supersized fee.
When I said you should try getting out more I didn't really mean it.
I'm sorry John. I don't think we'll work out.
I don't think those are the piles yoga is supposed to help.
It's high time we had a chat about your little rug problem.
No, there's no advantage to using a magic carpet.
Carl, can you take a break yanging my yin?
"If it don't fit, you must split".
Let me guess--You bought your mat at Costco?
FLYING CARPETS YOGA is two blocks up the hill.
Hi. I'm afraid we can't accept new members at the moment, I'm sorry. Many people seem to be looking for spirituality, at the moment. The elections, you know.
I think I DO know what I would find, so no thanks to the magic carpet ride.
"You must be looking for the "Trump School of Yoga"!
It's a movement practice, not a move-in practice.
I'm just not buying into the consumerism of it all.
It's just not about turf wars.
I don't care if it makes you feel more at Om.
Are you compensating for something?
"I don't care how big it is - put on some yoga pants".
Advanced is upstairs.
I'm sorry sir, but I've never seen The Big Lebowski.
I think you've made a mistake. This is "Bow Down Yoga," not "Bedouin Yoga."
Put that back in the lobby - then go home.
strip, lay and watch
I guess we need more targeted marketing.
There's still 2 months left on our lease.
No, Trump is not a member of this class.
You can take the rug, Mr. Howard, but you must leave Miss Randolph here.
Nice try, but I'm dating a guy with a 12 x 8 rug.
And when will Mr. Trump be arriving?
I understand it is self-funded, but Mr. Trump will have to use the same mat as the rest of us.
Are you trying to compensate for something?
Except for the hat, the shorts, the socks, the shoes, and the carpet everything else is fine
Sorry, man spreading is strictly prohibited.
Is that Vegan Outfitters' new animal-free hay and hemp mat?
This is Bow Down Yoga, Fly Down Yoga is next door.
No, the oriental rug cleaner is across the street.
Sorry, your mother was wrong, and she dresses you funny.
Sorry, but the "Angry White" yoga class has been cancelled until after the Republican debates.
The hat's got to go
Please remove your shoes.
We specialize in cleaning minds, not rugs.
Carpetbagging meditation, we're not!
Are you going to bring your Barcalounger too?
Aladdin just left!!
Kevin's Rug Cleaning? Two doors down!
This rug drives 285 yards. I guarantee.
Put her back.
Got the kids in there, dear?
Blue Collar Yoga now meets on Thursdays.
Mat, not carpet. And please leave your shoes at the door. and your hat.................oh, never mind !
What do you mean by "hulk out?"
For the last time sir, we do not permit downward Aladdin's here.
Harold, this is just one of the many reasons we've got to break it off.
Are you sure this is this most expensive mat? I am trying to get my daughter into pre-school.
Sorry, that mat won't fly here.
No, We do not have a " share a carpet" yoga class.
"Naps and snacks are not permitted'
The Antique Roadshow said this is a yoga mat from the 16th century.
Sure, I will go on a magic carpet ride with you the day Helaree votes for Trimp!
Your failure to follow instructions is restricting my infinite bliss.
OK Aladdin! But if it leaves the ground, you're out of here!
Don’t ‘Lotus flower’ me.
Here we practice slim yoga. Your mat tells me that you are looking for alpine yoga.
Namaste to you, namaste to your AstroTurf.
You go home and I'll go om.
Okay, I'll check-in my sense of superiority if you check-in that carpet
We're pretentious, not ostentatious.
No. You cannot do yoga here and face Mecca.
Smaller, thicker and less decorative next time, please.
I can't meditate on a plastic mat !
If you do downward dog on the carpet again, I will hit you on the nose with this rolled up newspaper.
You're definitely going to feel the burn.
You might find Jumpin' Jack's Gym down the street a better fit.
The Trump Yoga class is next door.
I like you too, but the rules say just one person per mat.
I'm sure your downward dog IS very furry.
Persian yoga was at 2pm
If your genie offers, wish for a yoga mat.
Let me guess. Home Depot?
No,the other ladies would not like to share your mat with you.
It smells as though Fido had decided to do a Downward Dog pose on the rug I brought for class.
You might want to stick with baseball.
I said it was a yoga class, not a yogi class!
A slot just came available this afternoon in our gym-rat, large-rug, White men can't yoga class.
Using a carpet as a mat is somehow endearing
You aren't fooling anyone Donald.
First, how big are your hands?
I can't let a non-conformist take my spot I've had for years. I'm an incumbent.
We think you'd be happier at our Brooklyn studio.
You don't need to compensate for your small hands here Mr. Trump
Yoga doesn't have a shortstop position.
I'm sorry, but if we allow you , soon everyone will be in here magic carpets.
Are you sure you were in a Lululemon?
I thought manspreading was bad enough on the subway!
Who do you think you are with the big fancy rug, Donald Trump?
This is a yoga class, not a beer and weed hangout.
No, Downward Dog won't fix rigor mortis...
I don't care if it is a 'magical carpet', it stinks!
I don't care what happens when you get angry.
Thanks, but the consensus was that it felt too good.
Very funny.
It's for our new pose: upward-facing Persian cat.
Size matters. But for this, smaller is better.
Ali Akbar dropped this class yesterday.
Double-wide yoga anyone?
No carpets, you little rug-rat!
But this class will simply not be rugged enough for you.
No. There is no center square.
Yogi not included.
I guarantee you, a small rug is wonderful, there's no problem, I guarantee you.
This is Yoga class, the "Aladdin" tryouts are down the hall.
First you hog the bed, and now the floor.
Sorry sir. I'm afraid that rug will tie the room together. We're here to release tension.
Look, you and I both know that doesn't fly in here.
Unroll that ratty thing and you're going to learn the real meaning of pungu mayurasana, the "wounded peacock" pose.
Class cost is by the square foot.
My recliner is in the car.
Just dump the contorted, sweaty body in the Dumpster. Same time, tomorrow?
One: take your shoes off in my studio. Two: that's a tapestry.
Your third eye must be pretty farsighted.
You're about to learn the 'upward salute' stance.
I don't care if it flies--you still owe the walk-in.
mat" not "Matt
Yes, we stretch here. The bullpen for pitching from the stretch is next door.
I don't care what its street value is, that's not what we mean by 'hot yoga.'
Costco will always try to sell you more than you need!
Sorry, but President Trump has banned all Middle Eastern rugs entering yoga studios.
I'm big into prayer
Any other dating profile exaggerations Mr. "Avid"?
So you're The Carpetbagger Yogi?
No I didn't say, 'roll up Matt.'
Sorry, yoga did not come from Persia.
I'm here to set up for Aladdin's 2 o'clock.
Next time bring the rug from your bathroom.
I keep telling you, it's not about how big it is.
No, Mr. Trump, size really doesn't matter.
I don't care if your dad is a rug dealer.
I don't care if there was a carpet store here. You still can't return it.
Do you have any injuries I should know about? One to your head, perhaps?
Thank goodness, I can't take another minute on this skinny mat.
Can we trade?
No, you can't just 'drop a body off' here.
How do you expect to gentrify this neighborhood with that?
Air Aladdin is next door.
The flight school is down the hall.
I think we are going to have to charge you for two!
The rug sale is next door.
Yes, Dick, bringing a 5' x 8' carpet to yoga class is a form of manspreading.
The Broga session is in the basement.
"Let's keep to our own mats" doesn't mean you should be so territorial.
You realize I only let you use that so we can reach our 80%, right?
You're right- we don't need to do everything together.
this is yoga not a carpet store
Of course you may work in the teachings of your Afghan yogi, but it's still 14 dollars a lesson.
You're early. Aladdin's class is at noon.
You have the newbie mat until you stop toppling.
You want 'satya'?...You really want 'satya'?... Well, my friend, in all honesty, you can't handle 'satya'!!!
You're looking for man cave yoga - that's three doors down.
This is hot yoga. The rug burn is tomorrow.
My name is Ishvara Mahatma, move from this space or prepare to die.
You are to be congratulated, Bob for living your personal mantra. However, here at Bow Down bigger is not always better.
I believe you have the wrong studio. Magic Carpet yoga is just down the street.
No, this is slim flexible yoga . . . regular guy's yoga is at the bar next door.
You may use your 'magic flying carpet' today. But please get a yoga mat for next time.
She DOES matter, but in this case, smaller is better!
Well, it's clear we don't have to stretch your ego.
No, no stomp class here. Try Drumpf's carpet bagging.
You should try broga instead. I hear it's rugged.
Are you sure you've never taken a yoga class before? That Lotus Pose looked pretty good.
Unless there's someone named Matt rolled up in there, you misinterpreted my instructions.
An ancient Indian practice in a modern American studio is diversity enough!
Going to one yoga class is not going to cause you to suddenly sprout a third eye.
I understand that you want to use your magic carpet and not the yoga mat, Bob. Unfortunately, it infringes upon the other students' space.
No, this workout won't take you on a magic carpet ride.
The Magic Carpet class is down the hall.
You can't use astro turf in here, even if you're a Houston Astros fan.
Yoga is possible for anybody who really wants it, and looks like you really want it.
It doesn't matter if you're Turkish, you still have to use a mat.
We're not giving flying lessons.
Aren't you a bit rugged for our studio?
You've been here before.
I'm sure it is magic, but I still need my own space.
Steve, why don't I just give you the three dollars for mat rental?
Excellent mountain pose. Now make like a tree.
Sorry, the flying carpet classes are next door.
You're stressing me out.
I'd love to make this a team sport on your mat.
You can do corpse pose on a mat you know.
Take a deep breath, then tell me what on earth you were thinking.
I don't want you to show me the world. I want you to show me a downward-facing dog.
Your bath towel would have been sufficient.
Home Depot does not have an exercise department.
Yours is bigger than mine but you will still need to follow my poses.
If it's a flying carpet, ok.
So your name's Aladdin. You still can't bring that rug in here.
Outside! And take that dirty rug and smirk with you
Where's the yoga party?
No flying though.
Listen , Trump Yoga is next door.
No, you idiot, does this look like Hulk Hogan lives here?"
Power yoga is down the block.
The Carpet Yoga class is down the hall.
I'm sorry but I'm going to have to ask you to leave. It's not the Oriental, it's the normcore.
I'm sorry, but Yoga is NOT a Persian tradition.
Isn't the team going to miss their astro turf.
Assume the shag position.
I'm sorry. "Bow Down" does not condone rugged individualism.
Whoever told you size does not matter was wrong.
Welcome, our first Trump supporter!
Men and their home comforts!
Yes, I do think a flying carpet for your mat would be a distraction for the class.
No, I do not know the direction of Mecca.
I see its a rug. I'd still prefer you to say 'Asian'.
I cannot accept deliveries for anyone named "Genie".
Exactly, how many of you, are there?
Namaste my ass
And the beer cooler is also not really okay.... Namaste?
Well, maybe Yoga isn't for everyone after all.
It's lovely, but we'll have to charge you for two spaces.
Rug rats workout downstairs.
Think small.
Blue collar yoga is upstairs.
Is that Lululemon?
Did someone call Uber Carpet Rides?
I'm sorry, that is not a yoga mat. That is not even a tatami mat. That is an area rug.
Beginning Yoga starts next week.
You must be looking for the Magic Carpet Ride Travel Agency next door.
Our passive-agressive class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Small hands, big mat ?
No. I don't want to see the drapes.
A sore thumb won't be a problem.
Your downward dog made a mess on the carpet.
I've never been worried about gentrification before.
First time? I can always spot the unbalanced.
"Wall to Wall Yoga" is down the block.
In our world it doesn't matter whose is bigger.
We don't allow rugs or basketball activewear.
This is for exercise, not prayer.
I guess we have different definitions of 'authentic'.
That better be a Tibetan prayer rug...
Your wife told me you'd need some help for your first class.
You look totally rugged out!
" I see you've been shopping at the one size fits all yoga mat store".
Where do you want this prayer rug?
If there's a dead body in rolled up in there, I'm not paying extra.
Our family-style seating is in the rear of the studio.
We don't allow rugged types here.
With men it's always about size, isn't it?
That's good. A rug is better than a yoga mat.
Today is gentle yoga, tomorrow we do a more rugged class.
The telekinesis class isn't till 3:30.
I understand the fibers are organic, Sir. But can you confirm those crumbs are gluten-free?
No rug, and no throne either.
Were you expecting a partner yoga class ?
I don't care if you did fly in on it; you can fly yourself out on it.
The "A Whole New World Yoga" is next door.
I honor the uniqueness in you. I honor your desire to learn the ancient art form. I do not honor your mat.
You know I won't take my shoes off unless I am home. . .
?pu s'tahw
Sorry, but size isn't such a big deal around here.
Sorry but we do not offer 'super size me' yoga
Oh grow up. I only said "kinda big".
So when did mindless take over from mindful?
Taking Lamaze together means you are excused from coming to yoga class.
I'll really miss having you in class Steve. You're idea of starting a Downward Facing Dog Club was simply brilliant.
Yes,your party of five is ready.
That thing stinks worse than anyone's feet.
It's Eastern, not Oriental.
I have less to sweep under mine than you do under yours
Namaste? No. Must not stay.
No, we never advertised 'Super Size Me.'
What's with the rug, Matt?
Persian Yoga is two floors down.
Magic carpet riding lessons are Thursday evenings at 8:00.
Is it made of natural fiber?
And what state you do hope to attain with that?
OMG! I hope that is not the one from the living room
You seem to have yoga mat envy
So, what are you compensating for?
For you we'd recommend the Stay At Home program.
Unless you've got the instructor's body is wrapped up in that thing...keep away.
Yours always has to be bigger doesn't it?
Donald, I wasn't questioning your size.
How did you get through the Idiot Detector?
The brochure clearly says, yoga mat, bring a yoga MAT!
Beat it!
Using a flying carpet to attain the Eagle pose is frowned upon!
We're flexible here but not that flexible.
If you want to impress women, next time just do the stretches without grunting
You're looking for "Bob Up Yogi." It's two doors down.
Does your life coach know anything about yoga?
I'm sensitive to your ethnic roots but it's irrelevant that Ali Baba flew around on this. It's just not a yoga mat.
We're a hot yoga studio and you're not hot.
Here, this has seen one too many downward squatting dogs.
I've told you before. Downward elephant is the 2pm class.
I'm sorry, no flying carpets allowed.
You can join the class, but no bragging about the thread count.
Your Anger Management Counselor warned us, you'd be coming.
I'm going to have to charge you double.
Please tell Governor Christie that though we are excited over his desire to be healthy, only he can reserve his exercise space.
I think your mantra is defective.
Isn't it the best place to sleep?
Sure you do - and I play Rugby.
I think Mr. Trump's class is across the hall.
A rug is NOT a mat, just bigger.
I'm aware that hemp has many uses, but Panama Red is going a little far in this case...
'Yoga mat,' not 'Yurt carpet'!
Seriously?! You brought a Persian rug to a Bikram yoga class?
I understand you're a "Big Dog" but this is Bow Down Yoga not Bow Wow Yoga.
What do you mean my mat is too big?
No I do not believe in Bigfoot and no he cannot use your Groupon.
Late for class after one of those 1001 nights again?
Carpet burn yoga...that's down the hall, second door on the right.
Is she in your mat practicing the corpse pose?
No, "man-spreading" classes are down the street.
Have you considered private lessons?
You must be looking for the beginner's class down the hall
What, you got a real flexible body rolled up in there?
No we have no plans to change from mats to rugs.
M A T. Not R U G.
We don't roll that way here.
I'm sorry but I believe your looking for the Trump class this is the Hilary class.
Stop right there young man! You are not wearing knee-high socks in my yoga studio
"I heard that the big one might be coming but I was thinking earthquake or asteroid.
I'm not that flexible.
Afraid of a little spandex there fella?
It's 'Bow Down Yoga,' not 'Have It Your Way Yoga.'
This is yoga, not hooka.
Sorry, it's Bow Down, not Boy Town, ladies only.
No, no, it's not downward facing rug.
Who are you calling a "poser"?!
I wanted ruggedly handsome, not handsomely rugged.
There's no spring training yogaclass.
My guess is that you are absurdly over-compensating
No, your hemp mat will not get the class high, but you are welcome to use it.
Let me guess...Your downward facing dog is a pit bull.
No carpetbaggers allowed.
It really ties the room together.
Sorry, we don't have space for someone who wants to use us as a take-off and landing pad.
New students must sign a carpet burn release form.
Non hotrgular guy with Napalese rug yoga is next door.
In yoga we use mats -- not runners, neither floor nor designated.
No sir, we do NOT recognize Downward Facing Mastiff here!
You do look like a rugged individualist, I'll say that!
Namaste yourself, big boy. Get out of my studio.
Outside it might be different, inside yoga mats are politically indifferent.
"I guess this is where East meets America".
I don't think that's what "old school" entails.
You really know how to spin a yarn, Henry.
You didn't have an allergy to latex last night.
OK, the brochure says a gentler class comfortable for beginners, but that is not one of the recommended mats.
Who? King Kong is coming?!
the guy came to the gym fitness with a carpet and not a sport carpet, so the girl tell him that he can't use it during the period.
Let me guess, you're voting for Trump?
That had better be a locally-sourced dead body in there.
You do know what they say about men with big yoga mats, right?
It's nice that you're finally making an effort to share my interests, Mike, but maybe you should start with something else.
I'm sorry. The flying carpet class is on Wednesdays.
Feeling a bit inadequate today?
" No, no! You don't need to use a prayer rug, just because we are called ' Bow Down Yoga ' !
Sorry, "Make Yoga Great Again" is in the next studio.
You're lucky I'm flexible.
You look like Trump, so leave.
this is yoga, not carpet weaving
Your karma is just pitiful.
You must be looking for Yo-Yo-Yo-Yoga down the street.
You might find our practice a bit of a stretch.
Also, downward dog does not involve actual hounds.
Upward- or downward-facing?
...that it was the stage rug for the Grateful Dead's '78 World Tour doesn't matter. It's still too big to use in my studio.
Pardon me, but if you don't have a more traditional yoga mat, get your asana out of here.
I told you, extreme yoga isn't what we do.
Everything about your downward dog was so wrong.
Look, I told you last week, Aladdin doesn't teach here anymore.
Sorry, Aladdin, this is strictly a mat class.
Oh, you'll feel the burn alright.
You can learn to fly that thing next door.
I'm doing "eye roll" pose
Let the wild rumpus begin.
Nice yoga hat.
The rug department is upstairs
You will never reach Nirvana with that thing.
Do you have a spot facing Mecca?
The told me that my membership in Magic Carpet Yoga was transferable.
When I said let's sweep our affair under the rug....
Shagpile lightweight!
We get it. Your hands are big, the rug is big, just take of the Make America Great hat so we can get started.
Good, we won't have a wading pool like last week then.
I said 'yoga"'party", not 'toga' party.
This must be your first and last time.
Please take your rug and beat it!
How many times do I have to tell you Joe? Size really doesn't matter.
It'll come in handy when I start "Yoga for Rug Rats."
Tiki yoga is a four.
New here?
I don't care if it flew you from Bagdad to Laguardia, it's still too lumpy to use here.
This is what you called a mat!
Flying carpets are not allowed, Aladdin.
Are you Alladin Sane?
Teaching a Man to learn how to yoga can be a stress relief an Relaxing for the guys Mind ,Body an soul .
Neanderthal yoga is at 6.
Donald, we know you have small hands, but you have nothing to prove.
I'm here for the "You can't afford not to move" yoga.
The manspreading class is at 4 pm.
I understand what they use in India, but the status symbols we use are foam pads and spandex.
I brought my agoy nwod wob with me.
Is this your first class?
Billy I don't think this is what your mom meant when she said you needed to be more flexible.
What do you think this is--a slumber party?
I have my own mat. Stop calling me Cleopatra.
Oh, did you bring your grandma's yoga mat?
You've got the focus OK now. But I'm afraid your surrendering pose is going to take a little more work.
This is not a flying carpet class.
@#$%&! manspreading.
Yogi Berra? He must be at another ashram.
I think you are in the wrong class, this is Yoga not magic carpet rides!
This is yoga, not breakdancing class."
As long as you pay double
You don't get that much space.
Do the Lotus Pose on that mat and you’ll have a rash in places I’d rather not talk about.
You know you're paying for an extra slot, right?
No, this is studio 114-A yoga lessons, you're looking for Studio 114 B flying lessons.
That’s a flying carpet. We use mats.
Mountain Dew is not a spirit animal.
Before yoga mat was invented.
Lounge chair, pillows, tv and a fridge are extra.
No. 'Till the fat lady sings.' was his mantra.
You just don't get it, do you?
It's OK, everyone looks great in yoga pants.
I told you last week that you couldn't wear your shoes in here!
We use yoga mats. Try the local Mosque.
Did you get in with the two-for-one special?
I like to feel the burn when I exercise...the rug burn that is.
We're feeling some conflict between our spartan mats and your Persian carpet.
Yoga me this, Yoga me that. Just yoga me a proper size mat.
No, we're not interested in an upgrade. Namaste.
When I said to bring your rug, I meant your toupee.
The Boston Red Sox prayer group meets upstairs in about an hour.
Perhaps you're from the rug rat generation.
Yes, it's because of my wool allergy - well derrrr
Beginner yoga is next week
Harold, I don't think this relationship is going to work.
I'm going to give you an amazing discount coupon at Lulumon.
I'm sorry, you may not nameste.
I said bring a mat to help "contemplate" not "compensate!"
Yoga hasn't changed. You have.
We're not very territorial around here.
I'm sorry, Spousal Disposal Inc is two doors down.
My guess is you have the correct number but way wrong street.
Unless that's magic, it's not gonna fly here.
Sorry, the normcore class doesn't start until 11:00
Will you feel comfortable with our approach to yoga?
Runners Beyond Hope isn't a class per se, it's more of a gathering across the hall with a big mirror.
The dry cleaners is next door where you can't breathe.
I can see our website needs to be more specific.
So, appears you can't spell Bedouin.
"World's Biggest Splif" Contest? Down the street.
I think we need to go over the ground rules.
I said a big HUG.
You have bad karma, Matt.
I think you've got the yang covered.
It's not just the size that counts.
This isn’t Brooklyn, there are rules.
Go south from here down to Lincoln Boulevard, turn west, then three lights later hang a hard right on 12th. Look for the flashing neon sign: "Hooter's Yoga". Have a nice day.
magic carpets don't work here
No, we don't supply the chair and television.
No, there's no sitting watching football asana.
Your pickup line is a bit literal...
Hats are not allowed.
They said to bring my own mat and I like my space.
I brought my mother. She's very stiff.
We're here to meditate, not levitate.
And while you're at it, you can take your recliner, flat screen TV and keg too.
Spinning is next door.
Many people start out rugged
I don't know what you've been smoking, but this is NOT flying carpet class!
No, western yoga does not include a lounge chair and tv.
Nooooo. The Magic Carpet Riding Class is on Thursdays.
We welcome beginners.
You can use it but we're not announcing your entrance.
You must be compensating for something
I don't care if your name IS Aladin. You lie it! Don't fly it.
Hatha Yoga is known, but few know carpet yoga.
You must be yogi Berra.
Broga is tomorrow night.
Share your pad? I'm touched.
I like the mat, but your outfit sucks.
No, we don't offer a 7th inning stretch. Wrong sport dude. Namaste.
If I give you my phone number then promise you'll stop coming here.
Was your mother a large woman?
What, no Barcalounger?
I'm sorry, the 'Elect Donald Trump Yoga Fundraiser' doesn't start for another hour.
Yoga Matt is not a real superhero.
Western yoga is next door.
I like that you stretch to the beat of a different tabla.
Let me explain how many different ways you're not going to meet any girls here.
Guys can be such imbeciles.
The magic carpet class is upstairs.
Please put that back in the reception area and I will lend you a mat for today.
Hold that pose right there until it hurts.
It's yoga--not rugby.
You weren't listening. I said I need a hug
If you came here to pray, you must bring a smaller rug.
It was suicide-by-contemplation . . . dump him in Jersey.
And I suppose your name is Aladdin.
Sir, it's not just the rug that may not fit.
The flying yoga class meets on the roof.
As Yoga Master here at Bow Down, I can in all humility assure you that you cannot achieve enlightenment without the proper accessories.
Will you be facing East?
I'll trade you...
Wrong kind of Indian -- and stop calling me "Paleface."
Working class is in Studio Two.
That's Jeannie's mat.
I'm sorry, I just broke up with a Persian.
Sorry, we don't teach the "Magic Carpet Ride" method.
You're right on time. Luxury Yoga starts in 10 minutes.
No, Bobby, everything you need to know you didn't learn in Kindergarden.
I'll let you know when it's time for Downward Persian Dog.
It was not appropriate last week when you offered any female in the room to "take a ride on your magic carpet"
First, I must thank you for leaving the recliner and TV at home this week.
No, wearing Lululemon is not required, but we are going to think less of you for looking like that.
Let me guess, You're the new guy who called to say he was bringing a Matt with him.
You may ruin this nice Persian rug in this class!
No, Ryan, you may not invite the babes to hot yoga on your magic carpet.
Yoga and levitation will cost you extra.
I'm sorry, but we cannot accept any more new students as the class is full.
That's the mat for reach up yoga.
My smugness comes from, unlike yours, knowing my mat doesn't come from a sweatshop!
I’m terribly sorry, sir, but only your mother-in-law is allowed access to her locker.
Actually, John, your seven chakras don't want seventeen square feet.
We don't do ironic hipster yoga here at Bow Down, Jeremy, just regular yoga.
A flying carpet? Good take on levitation!
Please take your shoes off before coming in to the studio.
We only admit beginners.
Just plant yourself any where...
Not a prayer.
I said we could help with your Karma, not your Kirman!
We know you're shagedelic, but no one's impressed.
We don't allow performance enhancing rugs.
Get out.
Your "feng shui" is blocking my energy flow!
Sorry, "Bow Down" in yoga has no religious implication.
You’re bringing me down, dog.
Sorry, but we are not allowing any Persian carpets in until we can figure out what is going on.
The Season ends - never!
Our policies are not flexible.
Namaste, dude.
Calling it a ‘chakrug’ doesn’t help any.
Yoga for Guys Like Us meets next door at Joe's Bar and Grill.
I've told you before; size doesn't matter here.
First time with yoga?
Yes my profile did say, "I'm accustomed to the finest amenities"
Sorry sir, our insurance doesn't cover carpet burns.
How you got "an exotic and dangerous surprise" from "tries to say flexible" is beyond me.
I'm sorry but your too well adjusted for our program.
I'm gonna need more space.
$80 is a very competitive price for our mats.
How hard is it to Google ‘yoga mat’?
I'm sorry, I think you want the Put Down Rug Shop across the street.
I got kicked off Tinder.
What? Are you pimping your ride?
No, we do not serve wings.
Your ad said to bring a mat.
Sir, you are here blatantly for the yoga pants.
This is Bikram. Persian is next door.
'Maximizing your footprint' is a great bro goal, but I don't know that it works for yoga.
You're right--they don't make them like they used to.
But I'm a beginner
You know what they say about men who carry big mats
We only use mats made from petroleum-chemicals, but in our defense, made in the U.S.A!
And, it's Namaste, not "have a nice day".
It's not the size of your mat that's the issue, sir. It's the stench of cat urine. We hope you'll consider coming back with a different mat and without the full rack of heavily sauced ribs.
I ordered Pergo.
Not unless it's a genuine, pre-20th century, Persian rug.
Yes, but only if your inner-self is oriental.
Well Mister Enjoys Yoga and Long Walks on the Beach, there's no Kathy here.
The industrial strength class is down the street.
That carpet belongs in the reception area.
No hats allowed until October.
Your first yoga class?
Let me guess, downward facing dog ate your mat?
I think it'll really tie the room together.
You gonna take your big rug 'n leave?" "Nah, 'ma stay
Excuse me, deliveries are through the rear entrance only.
Your in the wrong place, try the MAGIC CARPET shop, it's next door.
BYOM stands for mat, not mite infested dusty old throw rug.
Kevin, this is almost as bad as when you showed up at my Jazzercise class with your trombone.
"Personal-size wigwams only please."!
This is your very first class, right?
Not a good idea if that's an Iranian prayer rug.
I said Corinthian and not Iambic column for the Balustrade!
Shame on you for using that to levitate.
We do tend to be flexible but not when it comes to runners.
And another thing. Stop singing "Om, Om I'm deranged."
I think you are a little lost. The ballet studio is next door
I don't care if you are a tree hugger, you still gotta use a plastic mat.
Does it come with a fireplace?
I said we would feel the warmth from the heart, not hearth.
I'm sorry. Oriental yoga got moved to next Tuesday.
Cleopatra' Yoga is down the street
There is too a difference between a rug and a mat.
I see you're angry with establishment yoga.
There's no such thing as downward elephant.
This will make yoga great again.
I think you've now reached the stage that some of the ancient masters called "jerkhood."
Sorry, no Persians. We've banned the Middle East for safety reasons.
We simply don't have the space for your ego.
The baseball tryouts are in the field behind this building..... I believe they asked that you bring your own BAT.
You’ve either signed up for Hatha or the stick welding course next door.
Sorry, IRANIAN yoga rug.
Here's your tip; enlightenment comes from within.
Sorry, today is Dog Facing East. Yesterday was Doofus Carrying Rug.
I can see you're tense.
Sorry, no nap rugs.
Sorry, Oriental Rug Yoga isn't until 7PM right after Trampoline Yoga.
We took the family pack
You win.
Soft and fuzzy? I think you have been misinformed.
You're Yoga Matt?!
You're about to feel an inner piece.
Seriously? A magic carpet?
Dump your stuff. Come with me. Tranquility awaits.
I'm new too. Not as new as you.
...While I appreciate that yours is a magic carpet, we only allow the use of simple matts that complete the necessary illusion of proper suffering.
No rugrats in yoga.
If you use that, somebody's bound to call you on the carpet.
I don't care if it flies - here you use a mat.
Is it biodegradable?
Yes,Yoga can be masculine BUT we have traditions!
Shoes not allowed.
Thanks for leaving the beer keg outside.
How many times must I tell you, size does not matter....
''Magic carpet rides is the new yoga. ''
I'm sorry, you haven't got a prayer here.
Great first step. Now breathe.
I don't care how much you loved your old dog, you can't use his bed as an exercise mat.
Did you get the knots out?
Sorry we are filled up for all five classes per day.
Have you seen my sister Cleo?
Meditate this Junior. We accept no snakes.
Namaste yourself.
Your transport awaits.
I flew magic carpets until I got grounded.
This is yoga class, not body disposal.
Come back when you have a higher level of consciousness.
No, I really don't want to go on your magic carpet ride.
The bro-ga studio is next door.
Nobody needs their carpet laid.
Make yourself at home, Namaste.
Fly home on your magic carpet, and don't come back without a yoga mat.
You can shag at home, not here.
Republican yoga is next door.
No, we don't offer deep pile yoga.
We have a strict policy against man-spreading.
This is bow down yoga not chow down yoga!
Are you trying to perfect "The Recumbent Man"?
I admire your initiative, but it's still no towel no workout.
You'll have to pay for 2 spots.
Yo - GUH. Not Yo-gi.
Magic carpet ride? Nice try.
Fine, as long as it's Tibetan.
Wait, don't tell me: the dog ate your mat?
This is the Hatha Yoga class. Mutha Yoga starts in two hours.
Now that you flew in on it, can you also shrink it?
I hope you don't roll your own cigarettes.
Let me guess, you have a coupon.
No judgment, but why are you frowning?
No, Brian. I do not want to share.
Honey how many times do I have too tell you? Stop stealing our neighbors carpet for your own personal use.
Honey, I said Vinyasa, not Persian...
No, just the mind and senses. I'm afraid the flying carpet is not going to work.
I thought this was the try outs for Aladdin 2.
Yes, you can your that mat but I will have to charge you double.
Bro-ga is tomorrow.
If you're into yoga mat envy, you've come to the wrong place."
I don't care how huge is mat is -- tell Mr. Trump he gets the same floor space as everyone else.
I'm getting tired of Ms. Cleopatra's grand entrances.
I don't care if it was your grandmother's.
I said the "practice" was oriental.
This is the third time this week. This isn't the carpet store.
I'm sorry, sir, but the management asks that we reserve all superiority complexes for the Republican debates.
This is NOT what I meant by making more room for your practice.
Wrong space sir. Rehearsals for Anthony and Cleopatra are held in the upstairs studio.
I don't care if you bought your yoga mat in India; you can't use it here.
I'd worry they roll me up during shavasana.
Is that your yoga mat or a cry for help?
Cleopatra doesn't need to always come wrapped in her carpet.
Namaste not Amen.
Alternative group participation starts next week.
What part of "middle aged white guys need not apply" did you not understand?
Come back when you get your ahankara in check. Namaste.
The magic carpet class has been canceled.
I still don't think Team Backgammon will ever become an Olympic sport!
Welcome, Aladdin. So this is your first yoga class, huh?
Don't you think a $5,000 Persian rug for yoga class is a bit ostentatious?
You know, size doesn't matter?
Ready for class 'Aladdin'?
Flying carpet training is next door.
'Sweat & Fleas Yoga' is down the street. Try there.
NO. None of the Poses will make it fly.
We were all moved by The Room, sir, but you really can leave at any time.
The instructions said: "....bring a YOGA mat, not a GOYA mate....".
Do you plan on doing a lot of sweating today?
I've never had problems with size before.
first timers usually bring their door mat.
That goes by the door
No, I did not say "carpet diem".
Trump Yoga is upstairs.
Pee pads would help more with your downward facing dog
Man, it's not always about size.
Ms. Bliss told me about YOU - get out!
Perhaps you need to meditate with a Hoover first.
Do you just carry that around town so everyone knows you're a professional mover?
I basically live here also
But that's our sex rug, honey. I said bring a yoga mat!
Well it smells like a dog crouched on it.
Broga?
I don't care if that qualifies as a "mat" in your 5,000-square feet McMansion.
Nice hat.
I'm sorry, we don't offer a group rate.
This is the wrong place for a 3 for the price of 2 carpet room offer - Namaste
Sorry, Oriental Yoga is two doors down.
So you intend to go right from chair pose to your noon prayer?
No, no. This is a wheat and gluten-free studio.
So welcome to your first hot yoga class, Bill. Looks like you are a sweater.
My downward dog is a Great Dane.
Sorry, we do not allow rugrats.
Who have you got in there?
Matt, I know you're heteroflexible.
No Matt, as a matter of fact, a rug is not acceptable as a substitute for a mat. How about that!
Trust me, I sweat a lot.
Unless you can make it fly, it's still a no.
Thanks but it goes at the front door.
I'll pass on the magic carpet ride.
True, Helen is a bit overweight but I think this will give her a complex.
No, Kevin, this is the opposite of 'trying.''
Good effort, but I need you to return that to the lobby.
Spilling grape juice on your rug does not qualify it as a sticky mat.
This is the Yoga room; Antiques Roadshow is in Studio C.
We abhor the monstrous excesses of today's avaricious society! Can you cut two inches off the ends?
Body disposal is out back.
The cafe next door said someone just stole their rug.
You can use it as long as your mother is ok with it.
Your yoga mat really ties the room together.
Why do guys always have to have the biggest?
Welcome. And may the force be with you.
Just think of it like I have a seasons ticket to this spot.
I'm a lumberjack too, and I don't care either!
There's no manspreading here.
I know it's an unusual mat. Just don't call me out on the carpet.
You must be the ‘non-Prius guy’.
"Tomorrow we will work on creating distance from your inner self".
Bigger is not always better!
I'm here to drop off a corpse pose...
So you're the Billy Elliot of yoga, huh?
Sorry. No natural fibers are allowed.
A "patina of cat hair" does not count as "chi".
This is beginning yoga. We don't have a pathetically clueless yoga class.
Our magic carpet class is on Sundays.
Make yourself at Om, Bill.
It's not a competition.
What do you mean, 'Make Yoga Great Again'?
Sorry, the levitation class finished at 7am.
Bringing your own mat does not mean stealing the one from the lobby.
Jasmine's classes are on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Sorry. We don't allow baseball caps in here.
Namaste. That means beat it.
This takes "manspreading" to a whole new level.
I think this job sharing has gone too far!
I don't care if you're the Prince of Persia, you can't wear shoes in here.
It's like vegan break-dancing
No, I said we DON'T have any downstairs neighbors.
No, the UFC practice center is next door.
No, Hell-Yeah Yoga is on EAST 37th St.
Trump is not welcomed here.
honey, this is not the right place to pitch your ideas
Got it on Craigslist.
No way! I hardly know you.
Think that will be "big" enough for you?
You don't have the right standard equipment for this class.
No shoes please
I think your college buddies were pulling your leg. There is no instructor here named Alladin!
I guess there's more than one way to carpet-bomb.
Yes I did say to make your mat your "home" during class but...
When Brody met Asana.
It's fine for a beginners class, but over time chakras can damage natural fibers.
Just make sure you don't set up by the window.
I'm normally pretty flexible, but I just can't bend on this.
No Al…I won't ride your magic carpet.
and you wonder why you're single
I'm sure it's big enough, but I'm still not sharing with you.
Overcompensating Mr. Smith?
This is a yoga studio, not Downton Abbey.
Really? Not even you are that dumb
Namaste. Now beat it.
I'm sorry there is no such thing as 'super size' yoga
No, we don't have a spectator section.
artificial turf? sorry - we stress natural here!
We actually can afford to cover the entire floor.
Please take your "special rug" and move your asanas out of here.
Men always think it's about size.
I know you're the only man in the Class but size really does NOT matter.
Your here to do yoga not lay down carpet.
We're more California than Oriental.
How big it is doesn't matter.
I think you've missed the sarcasm when I asked if you had brought enough for the class
Sorry, but Governor Christie is not in this class.
Sorry, but at this studio we consider 'throw-ga' to be a radical fringe movement.
Not Mysore, eyesore.
Look he just wants to have a normal day where someone can do yoga on him without having to sign autographs, take pictures, or give out magic carpet rides so please leave us in peace.
Look lady, I can either use this class as my man spreading catharsis, or your seat on the subway. It's your choice.
When choosing your first Yoga mat, one must consider the following... portability vs comfort and stability, you've obviously opted for comfort and stability." "What's that you say? You're hear to go deliver a rug?
Our practice includes the idea that size does not matter.
We're pretty flexible here.
Oh, I'm sorry, Magic Carpet Flow was at 9.
It is called Downward Dog, not Downward Elephant
I don’t care if disallowing an Indian rug is antithetical.
Nobody said “no carpet” This mat is not even on the market yet. This isn’t the carpet class, right? My wife said something about laying down in Yoga class.
Too comfortable. Men's yoga is upstairs.
The spread eagle is not a yoga pose.
No, I don't know which direction faces East.
I know downward dog makes you feel stupid. But rolling up your rug and going home isn't going to help your balance.
I love your for this. But we are done.
I don't care if you paid full price at Restoration Hardware.
Downward-Dog-Rubbing-Butt is really more of a Kundalini move.
Don't judge, I came from work.
Sir, this rug Nama-STAYS on the floor.
We've seen a lot of newcomers inspired by the primaries ... people finding they can hold all kinds of awkward positions. But for us, size actually does matter and it's just too big.
This is Bikram yoga; Berber yoga is next door.
The magic carpet class is 2 doors down.
We are all utility players here, sir.
I see that you roll your own.
You're an hour early for the session with Alladin
your fear of Spandex, Sir, is certainly understood and MUCH appreciated... however, rules are rules...
It can't make your team win. But you will care less if they lose.
You need to give that thing a shave.
You can tell Aladdin there is a whole new yoga studio down the block.
Sorry, Chow Down Yoga closed.
Persian kickboxing is in the next room.
This is Power Yoga. Persian Yoga is next door.
You don't need to bring sod for your downwards dog.
She held the Kapotasana pose too long. The body's in the small studio.
your Yoga mat IS your magic carpet, not the other way
No, I'm sorry sir, but I can show you a position called "downward facing dork".
Are you looking for the Subway bread factory depository?
You did not purchase a family membership
I think you have the wrong idea your downward dog pose...
This must be your first time.
Those socks are all wrong.
Spray it down before you leave.
Even if your downward dog is a Persian mastiff, you can't use it.
Bring him to Room. (The true story.)
Shag costs double.
Sure, you can chant Yogisms during class.
Once again Jerry mistakenly assumed that Carla actually wanted him to solve her problem.
Yoga for idiots is tomorrow.