Sometimes I think the sharing economy has gone too far.
And you said long form was dead.
Damn these low emission vehicles!
We'll rock till you drop.
If they catch us we're gonna be breakin' rocks, not breakin' rockers.
Oh,grow up! No you grow up!
Eat my sawdust!
Just sayin', these self-driving cars got a way to go.
Giddy-up, horsey! Sometimes I wish you had wheels.
I keep going back and forth on this bank robbery thing, Clem. I just can't see us stayin' ahead of the law forever.
I just heard a discouraging word.
Are we catching them yet?
I'll be glad when this country of ours is less dependent on foreign hay.
Get a horse!
I'm done with these low budget westerners
The next time you order online be sure to read the product description more closely.
Don't you know there's a law against tailgating!
You'll never catch us!
This would be mighty ridiculous if we weren't using real guns!
Aw durn, they got them new light balsa models!
Jake, we're being followed!...but, they'll never catch us.
This case is so awkward. I can't take the stares anymore.
These here rockin' horses were made in America, pardner.
We're just hobby horse thieves -- you should be going after professionals!
This here's a vegan dude ranch, pardner!
Why are we holding onto our hats?
This was the briefest case they had.
Faster! I think the posse's on our trail.
Quit whining--Plan B was the carousel.
They're toying with us.
If you guys think you can catch us, you're off your rockers.
I won't stand another day of this! You little monster! Wish me into the cornfield, Anthony!
If you think you're gonna catch me, Sheriff, you must be off your rocker!
Hey, at least we don't have to feed them.
This is starting to feel like a Mel Brooks movie!
They let hybrids into this race? What kind of horsepower can they possibly have?
You gotta be off your rocker to think you can catch us.
Hold on to your hat. This cosplay's getting real.
Yeah, I paid my Union dues too....what's next? campfire curfews? vegetarian pork and beans??
When I said form a posse, I thought you said you got us some 'rockin' horses', not rocking horses!
We got four ponies and one trick.
It's brand new ... we call it virtual reality.
They're gaining on us. Who are these guys?
Why are we still wearing spurs?
we'll head them off at the day care centre
You've got termites!
They're using dimes!
Don't worry Steve, due to budget cuts, they're only rocking mules.
So you promise me this will stop Trump?
No, but really: this time you won't catch me.
It's hard to win in a four-horse race.
Rockem Cowboy
Just wait until I get my hands on those varmints who stole our horses!
rocking the long of the law
Sheriff, are you wearing wig?
We’ll leave you in the sawdust.
Damn, we should have grabbed the pogo sticks!
Personally I think the Humane Society's demands are getting unreasonable.
I guess virtual reality still has some issues.
When you asked if I knew how to rock you should have been more specific.
And your mother wears army boots!
We'll head 'em off at the past.
Gunsmoke" is on at the Senior Center!
Head 'em off at what pass? You're off you're rocker.
Rock faster, they're gaining on us!
We've gotta hang on until mom gets home!
To hell with your "theoretically impossible" line of thought, Slim....they're gaining on us !
I believe we are coming to the Rockies!
Can you remind me if this is a billiard or snooker tournament?
Alright Trigger, if you don't out run these guys you are going to the wooden pencil factory !
This is the last time I'll work in a low-budget western.
Can we finish this after nap time?
Next time, I'm taking Uber.
Get a new hobby!
This is just like I always imagined it.
Not to worry; when we ditch the horses up ahead, I have someone waiting for us with 2 Hotwheels!
'It ain't no crime to be childish."
Just think ...Bruce,Freddie,Jimi,Elvis,Janis ...and rock harder.
What would my wife say about this..?
I know they're slow but think of the money you save on oats.
What do you mean, "second childhood?"
We're the new era rockers!
Rock on, I said. The law's now got rhythm.
Why did we decide to rob the glue factory?
I knew we shouldn't have robbed that daycare.
For the last time, I did not take that candy from that baby!
I'm totally going to Yelp this dude ranch!
We should have taken the Cozy Coupe.
Sam, we've been caught in a speed trap.
I think I know why this dude ranch was cheaper.
Methinks the French are gaining!
So this is going green.
Now you know why they call me Billy the Kid
It's OK, Butch. They're just playing with us.
I can't believe you said robbing the bank would be child's play.
Next time we rob a toy store Jessie, take tricycles.
Taking "Rocking Horse Pass" was a bad idea.
Don't shoot -- the bullets are fake, too.
Sure it's inconvenient, but the truth is this breed has zero methane gas emissions!
Rustling from a toy store ain't getting us nowhere.
At least we look good riding them.
It's just snarky to be singing "Wild Horses" right now!!
Rock, Sukey! Rock like the wind!
Findings? Nah, this is our invoice.
hurry up, he is reaching for his cap gun!
At this rate, we'll NEVER get to the nursery.
This is exactly the sort of thing I warned you about when we became piggy bank robbers.
They're catching up with us - rock faster!
No time-out chair can hold me, sheriff.
Let's just hope they print the legend, marshall.
Who are those guys?
Mom! Tell Eric and his friend to stop copying us again!
Relax! It's just a hobby!
Is my hobby in the glove compartment?
They're gaining on us!
I always wondered why they called you Billy the Kid.
Reckon we've invented the low-speed bronco chase.
Hollywood's capitulation to PETA is really getting out of hand, I reckon.
Summer school for cowboy dropouts
Too rocky?
Stop complaining, Tex. This is the life of a piggy bank robber.
They're gaining on us--now they're falling back....
I don't think they're gonna stop for oats and water, either.
How many quarters did you say you have?
I told You That Cops Rock MoreThan Robbers.
Back off or you'll never see your blocks again.
We may have to just jump off and make a run for it!
You voted for Bernie too!
"I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy"Let's sing it again !!!
'Rockin' in a Free World' my ass!
Faster, Sheriff! They're pretending to get away!
At least we can say no animals were harmed in the making of this film!
I'm not sure... but I think they are toying with us!
Don't worry, we are out of range of their pop guns.
Since this is my recurring nightmare, and we know you never catch me; perhaps, just once, you could back off a bit.
I'm gonna need another quarter for the coin slot.
Wow, they're really rocking them hats.
Head 'em off at the playpen.
No animals were hurt in the making of this movie.
So, is it true what they say about men with big carpets?
Are you sure this will get us into Toy Story 4
They're still not gaining on us!
Butch, you ever get the feelin' we in some sort of low budget John Ford?
You better have a toy gun permit.
You call that a posse??!!
Rock on, Sheriff!
Gaining on us? - 'no' - but they're still irritating me.
These production cuts are getting out of hand Butch!
Back off ! I have a cap gun and I'm not afraid to use it.
I'm tempted just to get off and run.
Hey, at least we're not going around in circles this time.
yu'll never catch me sheriff, this is more than just a hobby to me.
Let's split up...the outlaws are pulling ahead.
Adventure filled memories last a lifetime.
Joe and Bill are in the lead.
I told you we should've taken the horses with springs.
Faster, Rocky! He's reaching for his pop-gun!
We need to ride faster. They're going to catch us if we just keep rockin' along.
I heard PETA was producing this western
We make those civil war re-enactors look like idiots.
No horse thievery here, sheriff. We traded four bags of marbles and two tops for these babies.
Thank G-d for law enforcement cutbacks.
I knew we shouldn't have touched the Monopoly money.
I ain't playing no more.
Still think we're playing games, pardner?
Because we're a team, Bob, a single unified team.
Make a run for the pedal cars.
Bang! Bang, bang!
And you said they couldn't write another Rocky sequel
Sorry, sheriff, but at that rate you'll never catch us before beddy-by.
The Bokhara yoga class is tomorrow
You'll never take me before naptime, Sheriff.
Doing this we'll never finish with the Primaries!
They're gainin' on us...we're losin' em...they're gainin' on us...we're losin' em...
Why the long face? I don't think they are gaining on us.
They're gaining on us. But if we keep rockin' when they roll, we'll make it.
Ok. I admit it. I stole some wooden nickels.
"But you promised I'd ride with Billy Crystal.
Stop asking, we'll be there by sundown!
Can't you see we're just toys in someone else's game?
I knew we shouldn't have watered our horses. Good ole Starlight is starting to warp.
We were not speeding!
We'll beat you out of the frame, then you'll never see us again.
I knew we should have taken the diesel powered horse.
Who are these guys? We must have gone 30 feet or more and we STILL haven't lost 'em.
Better use yer spurs, Clem. The posse's almost in squirt-gun range!
Okay Frank. Maybe you're not the world's worst judge of horseflesh.
They're gaining! No, they're not. They're gaining! No, they're not.
Make it to the creek their's are metal
I reckon this should keep PETA off our backs
Please tell me these aren't cap guns!
Well, no, they're not exactly gaining on us.
They're closing on us Tex and my gun's are out of caps.
Sorry, Guys...but we're about to leave you in our sawdust!
I tol' you we shoudna stolen these here hawses in Deadwood!
What a childish mistake...we should've went with the stick horses.
My Mommy says I'M going to win
OK, no more horse rustling from the Toys "R" Us corral.
They'll never catch me because I'm innocent.
We're not going down for a nap without a fight.
Hey, Sheriff! Don't you get tired of the same ol' back and forth?
What's after "Hi ho, Silver"?
Wee Haw!
Eat my dust bunnies!
"I wonder do they move or not(in the rocking chair).
At least they're not gaining on us.
They're gaining on us! No they're not. They're gaining on us! No they're not...
They don't seem to be gaining on us!
The real criminals are the ones that sold us these horses.
Checked or Carry-on?
Speeding? How fast were we going?
Those termites you planted in their manes are starting on the legs! Keep rockin', Zeke!
Why did we think we could rob a bank in this one-horse town!
No wonder they call that town Deadwood!
Do they still hang you for horse stealing?
What with the militarization of the police, I'm just grateful they're not carousel horses!
I reckon your idea of wheels was worth consideration, pardner.
They don't seem to be gaining.
Hey, Rex, my GPS is indicating we haven't moved a bit.
if we don't get 'em the splinters will
The good news is they are not gaining on us.
Sheriff, ain't "horse thief" an exaggeration?
How the Great Horse Strike of 1859 led to an increase in hobbyists.
Gol darn Hybrids aint cutting it!
Does the idiot dreaming this remember we have guns?
If you come any closer I'll be forced to use my cap gun!
Go away. We don't want to play with you.
Dammit, Sundance – I know they’re low-emission, I’m just saying there’s something about the Old West that I kinda miss --
I think we've finally lost them!
They're gaining! We'll lose 'em at Teddy Bear Gulch.
Let's dismount and run for it.
I agree, this is really weird.
Charley, you've got to rock that thing.
Leave it to the Coen brothers to rewrite the Pinkerton story.
Kid, the next time I say, "Let's go someplace like Bolivia," let's GO someplace like Bolivia.
Our Toys-R-Us store receipt will prove we ain't horse thieves.
2016 primary race
I don’t think splinters are the most pressing issue at the moment!
I think I'm about done with the nanny west!
Maybe we should have taken the getaway pogo stick.
C'mon, Jed, the rest of the gang'll meet us at the Lincoln Logs cabin right around the bend!
Keep rocking horsey, keep rocking!
We can lose them at the playground!
Goshdarnit! I ain't Billy the Kid.
Las’ time I let you git the horses.
How about we rein in for some milk and cookies?
Eat my sawdust, law man!
How come the scenery ain't changed?
A PETA chapter in Tombstone? Who knew?"
And we'll whip your butt in 'Johnny on the Pony' as well!
Suprisingly, loosing these guys isn't going to be child's play.
Hope those guns are real, Sheriff Hasbro.
Let's split up, they're gaining on us.
Rocking away from trouble.
I can't go any faster. I'm getting splinters in my behind.
Now it's our turn to be the posse.
When we get there let me show you how to get down safely
We haven't lost them, but they're not gaining any ground either.
Hi Ho Sliver.
Rock on!
We can't seem to shake 'em, Slim!
No wax, try using shoe polish.
It can believe the Sheriff is still rocking after all these years!
Quit toying with us, sheriff!
Well if the new Mega 2000 Supreme Water Blaster can’t get ‘em, I don’t know what will.
Are the Kids asleep yet? my back is killing me.
They're gaining on us...they're not gaining on us...they're gaining on us...
What did he say?" He said "There must be more money!
Okay, lets rock and roll.
By the tracks on the playlist, Sheriff, I'd say that's the Soul Cycle gang up ahead.
No matter how fast we rock, we can't seem to lose 'em!
God gave you a reason, God gave you a gun!
Eat my splinters.
If wives ask, we were playing poker.
Damn! I thought we lost 'em at the Barbie aisle.
They're right on our tails. Rock faster.
I never robbed that piggy bank.
How do like the view?
Blast it, I think these sheriffs are gym rats!
As a matter of fact,it is rocking science.
Can I whip a carousel horse?
It's our turn to be the Sheriffs!
don't know about you Tex, but my ass is killing me...
The guns are fake too, right?
you think there would be a way to get more horsepower....
Hurry, their imaginations are gaining on us!
The good news is that they're not gaining on us. The bad news is that I have a splinter in my ass.
These horses are better in rocky terrain.
They're reaching for their cap guns!
Hi-ho Timber, away!
I knew robbing that piggy bank was a mistake!
Billy, you really are a kid.
We've done this since kindergarten. Let's switch sides.
I can't seem to lose these guys Butch.
I'm warning you, Sheriff; there ain't a playpen that can hold us.
You'll never catch the rock-a-bye gang!
Okaaay. Simon says, 'Use both hands.'
All this over a P & J sandwich.
Yippie! The horsepower increase is really noticeable -- glad we rigged those emission control tests!
"Next year we pay up and go to a dude ranch with real horses"!
This is absolutely the last script we let PETA review, deal?
I touched my hat first!
Are the guns fake too?
We're done for Slim. The sheriff just put it into hi -yo silver! away!
I notice your's doesn't wear horseshoes either.
Yee ha! Lets chase Cruzy and Trumpy right out of Texas and the GOP
Don't worry. We'll lose them at nap time.
What the...? They're lapping us again!
We really have to rock and roll.
Ya'll ever feel like the conceptual potential of the cartoon we're trapped in is a bit limited?
Gosh durn it, we should've stolen the tricycles!
Enough. From now on we're 'cowmen.'
Ever feel like you're in a Ken Burns documentary?
There must be more money.
To heck with CGI!
Dang it Earl, this is the last time I rob a toy store with you.
Now you're going after FAO Schwarz rustlers?
I get it, no animals were harmed in the making of this film.
Looks like our ex-wife is on our again.
That budget cut really took a hit on us.
Man, it's two feet forward, two feet back--we'll never catch these guys!
How the hell are they gaining on us!
You'll never catch us, sheriff!
This arrived right after the executive team building workshop.
They're gaining on us !! put in some more nickels!!
What did you feed these horses? We don't seem to be losing them.
Let's get a move on, the posse's traded up to titanium!
We can rock all day and all night!
The four horsemen of the rockawhat?
Tort law has really ruined fantasy cowboy camp.
The beginnings of the Nanny State.
Hold off, pardner. We're not wearing black hats.
You give up first.
Robbing that piggy bank was a big mistake!
It's almost nap-time, let's head em off at the pacifier!
Should have brought the stick ponies.
I think we need a different hobby.
I'll be across the border by naptime!
"Again, how are these better than the real ones?!
I'm never going back to timeout, ya hear!?
Something about this lacks "true grit".
They told me you're all hat and no cowboy.
I am trying to look more presidential.
You'll never catch us. Really.
We've been back and forth over this Sheriff, we didn't steal them thar wooden nickels!
Holy cow, Bernie, is that Trump & Cruz?
Dag-nabit, Sheriff, I done tol' yew, I ain't in no horse thievin' profession, I'm just a hobby-ist.
A firewood horse with speed that's alright, a cloud of sawdust, and a hearty "Hi-yo, Silver, away!"
Tell me again, which one is Butch Cassidy?
These horses must be from the Not OK Corral.
Quick! Lasso 'em with the silly string!!
What you'd think, this is my first rodeo
I'm getting too old for this.
This is definitely the last time we rob Toys 'R Us!
If we hadn't compromised, the court would have cut the legs out from under us.
Well shucks, they made it over the termite trap.
Rock! Rock'a'Billy! Sheriff Bill's a'hummin'!
It's the only way to ensure no animals will be harmed during filming!
I think we're takin' this PETA thing too far.
And when we get to the nursery, that badge of yours don't mean diddly.
Dang, sheriff! All this fuss and that doggone Thomas the Tank Engine d'int even have no gold!
If we can just make it to the merry-go-round . . .
We lose 'em in the pass, then we'll head to Pappy's. He works miracles with splinters.
Who ARE these guys? No matter what we do, we can't lose 'em, Butch!
We can do this 'till the cows come home, but the distance won't ever change.
Dang, these nags all have the same family tree
Hold your horses. We only took wooden nickels.
This guy ain't playing around.
So it's decided... the first to get motion sickness gives up.
Slim, I think I'm gettin' too old to be robbing piggy banks!
We sure are rocking these horses!
They're gaining on us! We're gaining on them! They're gaining on us! We're gaining on them!
How did they know I was Billy the Kid.
We're losing 'em, they're gaining on us, we're losin' em...
They are serious when they say, No Horseplay!
This is the last time I take the advice of a columnist at Cosmopolitan.
This Cowboys and Indians thing is starting to feel childish
Well, at least they're not gaining on us.
You'll never take us un-splintered!
Yup, they're gaining on us. I reckon a solid 1/2 inch in the last hour.
Fake horses and real guns - who wrote this, PETA and the NRA?
They're closing. Pass me the water pistol.
On second thought, I'll take saddle sores over splinters any day.
What are the odds that their horses are just as fast as our horses?
The Duke must be looking down and laughing at us.
Not to complain but I don't think they're a gainin' on us
I told you, it's no longer a hobby!
Are we there yet?
Pray for snow.
Let's head for the rocks!
dang, they're still there but at least they're not gaining on us.
Looks like we're at a standstill.
I knew we shoulda stole them stick horses!
I'm just trying to make meaning from experience.
This isn't what I mean't when I asked for a rockin'-ass bachelor party!
You'll never catch us, sheriff. This is a new rock western.
We should have left our training wheels on.
I hope this looks better on the big screen
There seems to be a hitch in our giddyup.
The nuclear javelin isn't meant to be subtle.
You can't escape the law, nit wits!
They're gaining ground, head to the toy hills!
Either we're all a bunch of dang fools—or I need a CT scan!
Let's head'em off at the Legos.
Looks like we picked the wrong horses.
Do you think this counts for aerobic exercise?
Darn it, Zeke, they're gainin' on us. We may have to give that little kid's candy back to them.
My mother really does wear army boots.
I don't care if we have a zero carbon footprint, damn it! They're getting away!
Are you off your rocker? They're gaining on us.
I'm gonna out-rock you yet, sheriff!
Hi Ho, Cedar!
I go back and forth on the lifestyle I've chosen
How much farther to the playroom?
They're gaining on us - we'll have to make a stand at the Pre-K Corral
This is Rockabilly.
No way is your horsey going to beat my horsey!
Be on the lookout for Indians. They have real horses.
Is it just my imagination, or are they gaining on us?
By now his pistol should be out of water.
Puppet and pony show in real time.
I forgot my blankie.
Tell the director the scenic backdrop has stopped moving!
They're gaining on us...they're falling back...they're gaining on us...they're falling back...
Jasper to Britney: we need more water through the hole of the clown...NOW!!!
Your chasing cow pokes, not slow pokes.
I'm getting too old for this job, Hoss.
Let's hit the treadmill
We need to get us a new hobby!
I told you that we should have gone to the livery instead of the general store for our horses.
We've been watching too many Disney movies.
This hobby rocks!
We'll have to finish this pursuit on foot.
Watch out, he's going for his cap gun.
You won't get away with this!
We gotta hurry, Clem- these guys ain't playin' around...
This is the last time we steal the deputies' horses!
They're not gainin' on us but we better keep rockin' on just the same.
According to quantum physics, I could theoretically reach you in one billion billion billion years.
Faster, their within BB range.
When suburban mommas let their babies grow up to be cowboys...
If you think you're gonna catch us, you're off your rockers!
Look behind you, boys, that giant PB&J sandwich is chasing us again!
Your left side rear stick is starting to crack.
Mom and Dad sent you, didn't they?
That's a wrap. I think Trump will love the footage for his immigration policy speech
You can tell'em they was just robbed by Billy the Kid!
Just great! The Earps are closing fast AND our horses have termites.
Howdy Rockaroos!
Disruptive technology always catches on slowly.
It's no good: you're too bad to be good guys and we're too good to be bad guys.
"Sure it's more humane, but it's anachronistic and, frankly, silly," drawled Mordecai..
Don't look now, but were being chased by a couple of rockin' stars.
Durn that Hopalong, pilferin' the last pogo stick!
Rock harder Rufus....they're gainin' on us!
I RECKON YOU'S FORGETTIN' IT'S JUST 4368 DAYS RIDE TO THE COUNTY LINE FROM HERE.
You're a pro; it's a hobby horse.
The tinker toys are hidden where you'll never find em.
Dang it, Huck. Reckon we can't plead insanity in these here parts.
They're not gainin' on us, Jeb.
Give us a break. It was just a bag of wooden nickels!
Don't worry, their jail is only two back to back chairs with a blankie pulled over the top.
I told you to get a better Hobby!
It's OK their guns are not real either.
Hey! I shot you! No fair! Mom!
Don't they get tired? Don't they get hungry? Don't they get splinters?
When are the kids going to give us a turn on the Wii?
Hey Sheriff, I think your new horses are broken.
Yikes, the lawmen from the O.K. Carousel!
We can lose them at Playpen Pass.
I told ya! If we can rob a bank, we can ignore the low emission vehicle ordinance!
Harvey, I'm beginning to think Sandra and the kids may find themselves knee-deep in manure by the end of the day...
You know, Tex, this class fulfills my inner cowboy in a way that SoulCycle never did.
I know, but you know how PETA can be.
No, It's just a hobby.
At dawn, we ride
You'll never catch me on that nag Wyatt!!
The Sheriff rocks!
Howdy sheriff how are you doin
I weckon weeah too fast faw ya, Shewiff Bwody!
Not to worry. It´s just my hobby.
Giddy Up Sliver !
I knew this O.K. Corral reenactment camp sounded too good for the price.
Rock harder! They are gaining inches!
"Is that Hopalong Cassidy?
We're gonna need some wheels to lose 'em! Big Wheels!
Every fella sure as heck needs a hobby.
Just one step ahead of the sheriff.
Hurry, they're only a few feet behind us! Still.
They're catching up! We shudda used the tricycles!
You'll never catch us, Sheriff. Seriously, it's impossible.
Manual warfare ain't what it used to be.
Hurry, they're gaining on us--no, losing--no, gaining--no, losing...
Better break out those ab cruncher skills--I think they're gaining on us.
I knew we should take taken the Prius.
How much farther to Geppetto's?
They're getting away! I told you cutting the transportation budget so we could afford fancier hats wasn't a good idea.
You're gonna spend a stretch in the time-out room for this Kid!
You boys better let go of them stolen horses..if you know what's good for you!
We keep going back and forth on this.
I'll tell ya one thing, Sheriff! You ain't sending me back to timeout!
Oh, no! They're gainin' on us!!!
We are rocking, catch us if you can!
Racing for the republican nomination is the new ridiculous.
'Can't wait until James Watt introduces the concept of horsepower'
Hold it right there, cowboys!
Rock faster Billy, they're gaining on us!
The Security and Exchange Commission Lawyers are gaining on us. What're us a poor, innocent banker to do, Goldman?
Rock faster, there's a posse on our tail
They're gainin' on us. Rock faster!
I'm not sure this is what D.H. Lawrence had in mind.
My kids rocking horse is better than your.
Hold on to your hats. There's a Lego truck speeding our way.
You head that way, I'll go this way and we'll meet at Rocking Horse Pass.
I told you we shouldna robbed that model train!
Those guys are good!
Who's bright idea was it to rob some kid's piggy bank?
Well if it ain't the hobby posse.
We should have got the spring bounce model, they're much faster.
We'll catch up to them in the Rockies!
You'll never catch us. The bag from the bank robbery is all quarters.
Rockity! Rockity!
You won't catch ME flat-footed!
They're getting closer! No, wait, we're losing them! No, wait, they're getting closer again!
WHO stole the cookie from the cookie jar?!
We're losing them.
Do you think your mom will let you sleep over tonight?
They'll never catch us on those nags.
Splinter!? Last time it was your hat blowing off.....
Hate to say I told you so, but you should have gotten EZ Pass!
What the dang heck is "Rocking Horse Winner"?
(Low budget re-make of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid): "Who are those guys?"
I'm telling mom!
Head for the electric train!
They're gaining on us, no, wait- they're falling back, no- they are gaining on us, wait...
I wanna rock with you (rock with you) all night.
No, I'm serious, Sundance. It's Joe Lefors and Lord Baltimore, and they're gaining on us!
Why do you always get the lighter end?
You'd think the IRS should have more important things to do.
My Grandpa said they used to use real horses!
This has been goin' on for way too long!
You'll never take us alive...or before nap time!
The Marshall and his Deputy now have the wind to their backs and are gaining on us!
Just get to the barn, there's a coin operated helicopter waiting for us there!
Stop sneaking up, sheriff, or we'll walk.
You'll never catch us, Sheriff! These are Italian Stallions!
Chase scenes haven't been the same since PETA got involved.
Copy cats!!!
We can head-them-off at the corral.
I guess there's a new meaning to "Rockin' in the Free World."
I hope you were wrong when you said the lawmen around here go off their rocker at times!!!
Head for Mexico before the wall goes up!
D. H. Lawrence made this sound like fun.
Hurry! Our Destination is White House And Great America!
Overgrown Boys Contesting Convention
Dang termites are slowing me down Bill
Who programmed this virtual reality game!
It's not horse thiev'n sheriff, its even PETA compliant!
You have no chance of catching us before the statute of limitations runs out.
Whoa there big fella! Your going to fall off your rocker!
Head for the carousel! It's our only chance!
Where the heck is Banbury Cross?
We need to talk about the budget for these "Old West" re-enactments.
Maybe it's time to get a new hobby?
It's the Not-So-Great Train Robbery!
We should have never stopped that slice of marshmellow pie
Would you hurry up!? They're getting away!
You guys were supposed to be on pogo sticks .!
Hey, Charlie, where's Tonto!? What happened to him?" "Oh, don't worry...I can still see him back there, bringing up the rear.
Wooden we be better off on foot.
I hate all this political correctness.
And so began the legend of the slow speed Bronco chase.
Dagnabit! I forgot my iPhone
Giddy up and down!
Dang! They're just toying with us now.
They're not gaining
No, seriously. You're never going to catch us.
I'm pickin' up splinters and my pistol's leakin' water! This fantasy camp is turnin' into a dang nightmare!
My daughter would know what to do
Hey Kid one minute it looks like we're pulling away next looks like their a gaining on us.
Do you think we'll be charged as adults or juveniles?
We'll try to cut them off at the pass! You go to the stable and shoot the guy who sold us these!
Donald Trump's hair is after us!
Dang, I thought we'd lost them ten minutes ago.
They're still there. Lucky for us they just have cap guns.
You'll never catch us sheriff, these horses are termite resistant!
If they get off their horses we're cooked.
I think we're getting a little old for this Sheriff!
These cutbacks are killing us
Where's your posse, Poser?
Damn low budget Westerns.
They're gaining! They're losing ground! They're gaining! They're losing ground! They're gaining! They're losing ground...
Did you say, "Hold onto your hat," or "Hold your horses?"
Don't look back. I think they are gaining on us!
They're gainin'. I told you we should've taken the hobby horses.
Looks like they're fighting fire with fire!
Vegans rock!
Wyatt, knock off the, "Hi-Ho Woody!"
"We opted for the turbo model!'
This is how we cowboys rock, baby. So Roll with it!
My shootin iron, may be a pop gun, but I have a get out of jail free card.
I betcha they don't consider it a Hobby!
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Why did you think "Make America Great Again!" meant?
I was only pretending!
Guys, you are NOT gaining on us. You might as well give up and go home.
Who are you to say what we did was childish?
Trust me, they will never catch up
Horse thief? It's just a hobby!
I knew there was something fishy about getting horses through mail order.
It's OK...they haven't gained on us in an hour.
You best keep rockin' sheriff, this here is an open carry state.
Scalia died at this Dude Ranch???
Didn't you say that if we outlawed horses, outlaws would still have horses?
I told you this new model is fast.
Actually, they're not gaining on us.
Cheating is cheating, Sheriff Dan.
It's a photofinish!
Those animal-rights activists have really slowed us down.
Back and forth!.back and forth!back and forth!....their gaining on us!
I'll go for a driverless hobbyhorse in the next race.
Good thing we snagged these rockin' horses!
Were we supposed to bring our imaginations?
Ha! You guys should know you look ridiculous.
Listen kid, I've got one speed and that's 'rock' no matter how many cops are chasing you robbers.
They're slower than us by two feet per hour. We'll catch them!
At least in Mario Kart you could throw a banana
Come on guys, we are about to catch the elephant.
Hah! Sure, Doc, you'll be my huckleberry--soon 's ya learn t' rock faster!
Is this a game to you Sheriff?
Screw the carbon footprint. I want a real horse.
It looks like sheriff Woody and deputy Pecker. Hold on to your hat, they are riding hard.
Naturally, the bank robbers got away on coin-operated horses.
"Hurry, he's reaching for his cap gun!
Your mother rode a porch swing!
How's that 'Giddy up' working for ya now?
LOOKS LIKE WE GOT THE SAME CHEAP HAT.
Don't buy these cheap lead paint horsies for our next holdup!
Outlaws and posse is boring. I want to play cowboys and Indians!
Rock Harder Clint, the sheriff's gaining on us.
Please get rid of that pop-up [Good news we've merged...]. Thank you.
Hurry, pretend we're getting away!
Whaddaya mean Newton's Laws of Motion? We got enough trouble with the law already!
Etymologists have recently discovered that the phrase, 'rock on,' predates Ted Nugent.
Wait! So are any of you actually moving forward here?
Dang! I left my sippy cup back at the saloon.
Rock me?! Rock you!
They didn' tell us 'bout no dang limitah at the dealahship!
I told ya! We should've taken the Tonka.
What do ya mean, We ain't going nowhere?
Split up!
I never thought a life of crime would lead to such incredibile chaffing.
Whoa, you wouldn't shoot the kid in the back.
Well at least I'm not the one BEHIND a phony horse's ass!
Come on on guys, keep up!
We should’ve stuck with Billy the Big Kid’s gang.
What's the big hurry? They serve breakfast 24-7 now.
With no water in sight, I don't know how long I can outrun these guys.
one of us has that Troy story all wrong
Dagnabbit, Sheriff's got one of dem carbon fiber rockers!
Dang, my water pistol's empty
Told ya, Mahogany better than Spruce any day
You'll never catch on those old nags!
At this point, those suction cup darts are gonna sting.
Whatcha reckon we settle this like men?
This is definitely NOT my fetish.
You're only in my imagination so don't get your hopes up.
Faster! They're catching up!
At this range, those suction cup darts are gonna sting.
Now I see why the sheriff's nickname is Rocky!
I'm riding as fast as I can and they are still 6 feet behind us!!
Who are those guys, Sundance?
On the plus side, they never get tired
Fred, something's wrong with this picture.
Holy rockin' law, they're gaining on us !
I think we'd better split up, the posse is right on our tail.
Just not the same since PETA got involved.
First came the railroads. Times were changing fast for the Wild West.
The new budget cuts are really affecting our response time in getting to the crime scene.
Once we elapse the verge we're in the clear, corps!
Quick, another quarter! They're catching up.
Dang...the Law got that there new carbon fiber model.
Rock harder Buck! They're scootchin' up on us!
You've got cooties!
I try to be as tolerant as the next feller, but this is takin' animal rights too far!
Dang! We ain't got no matches!
Can't say "eat my dust" like I used to, sheriff.
I suppose you got water pistols also.
They're gaining... they're losing... they're gaining...
They are NOT gaining on us.
Does anybody else get the feeling we're not moving?
This explains why they call you The Kid.
Rock it! Lift that tush and feel the burn!
Rock faster Snake! My rocking horse just got a sliver.
You'll never catch us, we have the turbo models!
When they said 'Rocking Horse Ranch' they really meant it!
Dammit, Slim, I tried to tell ya, the sheriff can rock.
Back off Sherrif....or face our cap pistols.
Faster, Charley! Or they'll cut us off at Horse Rock!
So you're telling me they do this in New York but on bikes?
I guess the fun and games are pretty much over.
Losers have to buy the milk
Think we're dumb? We know you just have cap guns.
I think they're off their rocker.
More rockin!'
Dang, it's the Plush Pinto Posse!
Rock on, Durango. Our past is catching up with us.
Sheriff, you're off your rocker!
So my daughter tells me we should be worried about this thing called "the cloud".
How do you expect us to get outta town by sundown on these things?
That was one rock'n robbery, wasn't it, Sheriff?
Next week we trade places.
Don't worry! Obviously, they'll never catch us!
Stick that rockahorse in yer ear!
So this is why we call him the Sundance KID.
Nope, they ain't gaining on us; but shoot, we ain't made any progress either.
I don't know Billy, seems like we've been riding for hours and they still aren't gaining on us.
I need to make a lathe stop.
If you think you can catch me, you are off your rocker.
Shoulda taken your hobby horse Sheriff.
Faster, faster, they're gaining on us!
As he bites the dust.
Are you sure you specified bucking?
its gonna be a while till we get to grandmas
He's gainin' on us! They don't call him Hard Rocker for nuthin!
You might as well quit now, two more feet and we're out of your jurisdiction.
Damn the horse lobby !
I'm just trying to get a handle on this case.
I will get you pooper-pants!
Eat our sawdust, Sheriff!
Hollywood's Animal Rights regulations are getting ridiculous!
At least they don't appear to be gaining any ground on us.
You'll never catch me. I've got more quarters than you
Looks like their union has cut down on benefits too.
Now this is a hobby!
I can't believe you forgot the saw!
Head for the Okey Dokey Coral fellers!
(stop breathing) down our (rocking horses ) you know they don't move)
I told you not to skimp on the horses!
I feel very retro. Don't you?
Seriusly, we actually picked the one state where horses are illegal?
Excuse me, pardner. Have you heard the good news?
Trump for President!!
Golleee! More wind resistance, but somehow we're ahead!
Quiet time? You'll have pry these reins from my cold dead hands!
I think we can lose them in Lego Canyon!
Should've turned left at the monkey bars
Rocket it pal, they're catchin' up!
Hey! Where's your bodycam?
Hey, I thought there were 17 cowboys in this race.
I thought I told you to grease the runners before we hit that bank!
Keep rockin' Tex, the polls say we're ahead but we're actually so far behind it just looks like we're ahead.
We better forward and back...they are teetering on us.
I just hate these low budget Westerns!
Tarnation, Clem! I knew that ASPCA donation would come back to haunt me!
C’mon Sundance, we’ll hide our tracks in the wading pool!
Please let them be out of caps.
How the west was fun.
Rockin' it trumps gettin' there!
California emissions laws have ruined the Old West.
Darn, their both riding Paliminos!
Face it, we rock harder than anyone!
That's one rockin' posse!
Darn Jed, we ain't gonna be rockin in the free world for very long!
He thinks he is playing cops and rockers!
Next time we rob in a video game.
I thought you sawed their legs
We never shoulda' signed up for cowboy role play therapy , may arse hurts"
Faster! We're almost at the Merry Go Round!
Let's just settle this in a manly way.Squirt guns at ten paces.
Do you think we will go faster if we look backwards?
Mild West
Leave it to my husband to give me a headache during yoga.
I'm not going back to the playpen!
This is my last low budget western.
And don't forget how much we save on feed.
They're gaining on us...I knew we should have taken the wagon!
And I thought we were off our rocker!
This is the Republican race in a nutshell.
You can't have the same hat as me! For one, you have a mustache. And a star. It's just not possible.
Rock faster, I think they're starting to fall asleep.
I told you this was just a two horse race!
Ain't nobody gonna put me back in a time out!
You've rocked far, but soon I'll beat the stuffing out of ya!
Way to go, Slim. You stole us the slowest horses in town.
They don't call me Billy the Kid for nuthin'.
You will need to take your shoes off.
Wooden - you know it? They're gaining on us...!
That's the last time we rob FAO SCHWARZ.
At least no horses will be harmed!
For once can't we have a peaceful back-and-forth?
Wyatt, its Seven days later and they are only 2 inches closer when do you think they'll realize they can just walk over
Keep up, ya pansies!
...alright Cody keep it together. It's just the Ambien.
Thrust harder, lefty!
This puts a new spin on coming from behind!
Give up Marshall, we've got a head start!
Better get yourself another hobby, Sheriff.
Ya-hoo! I call first on the chocolate pudding!
How'd a bunch of five-year-olds talk us into THIS swap??
They're gaining us! ...Nevermind, we're losing them. Here they come again! ...Okay, we're pulling away. They're catching up!
Dang. They got studded rockers.
Pull that cap gun and it's all over. We're shooting rubber darts!
I shore will be glad when the horses' union settles their contract...!
You're forgetting I'm the only one who knows where the sawdust hole is.
Rock harder!
Let's rock before we roll.
I don't see how they could possibly be gaining on us!
Dang, I knew we shoulda got the ones with wheels!
The statute of limitations will pass before you catch me!
We'll lose 'em on the carousel.
But there isn't ANY posted speed limit out here, Sheriff.
I swear, sheriff! She said she was eight!
If we can just jump the termite mounds I think we'll be OK.
I stand corrected, Billy. The hobby horses would have been the more mobile purchase.
Don't make me pull out my water pistol!
Relax, Curly. They only got them recycled-by-firemen horses.
Let's go rock the vote
Shoot, that Sherriff always has the latest toys!
For you, it's just a hobby.
Head for the toy department, Hank! We'll lose 'em there!
She says it's Futile, and this job is going nowhere
The Legend of Billy The Kid.
Muybridge would only need one camera!
Hurry up. They're feigning on us.
It's all in the hips!
It's too bad the others have regular horses.
I told you you should have paid attention in shop class!
Your right holding your hat does make it seem more real!
No , they are not thoroughbreds ...
See Frank, I told you, mahogany makes for a pretty horse but it’s slow.
"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid - a Retelling". Comming soon to a theater near you. This film is rated G for General audiences.
Look out behind ya...there's a saw horse gaining on ya.
Just give it up, boys. You ain't getting no where.
You and your brilliant "cheap dude ranch" idea!
This is the last time I buy something 'cause the salesman tells me it's got "more giddy up".
Aw c'mon just go with the flow, it's only until we graduate.
I thought we would have lost these guys by now!
Tell me again how easy it'll be to rob a piggy bank.
these guys play rough.
Smile, you dolt! They're only shooting us from the waist up. Damn toothpaste commercial!
We'll meet up at the hideaway and divvy up the loot!
They're closing in on us. Those lawmen sure can rock a horse!
You got a loaner from the blacksmith too?
Eat our sawdust, lawman!
When I said let's get the mustang, this isn't what I had in mind!
I told you we could do our own stunts!
You're off your rocker if you think you can catch me.
We don't know anything about the missing wooden nickels.
I think D. H. Lawrence and his friend are gaining on us.
They never got this close on the merry-go-round!
We better hightail it back to the toy store before they call a real sheriff.
That's the last time you will ever call my moustache irrelevant.
This Sheriff business has really become a younger man's game.
How the West...ended in a tie.
We should've changed horses at the toy store!
I told you a life of crime wouldn't get us any farther in life.
Keep on Rocking Sam - the Rocking Horse Sheriff is gaining on us.
The animal rights activists have finally gone way too far.
The head wrangler didn't tell the props master that he was married.
I knew we shouldn't have robbed that piggy bank!
Doesn't look like we're going to shake them off!
This is my last B-grade western.
I reckon the Pinkertons got the same carpenter.
Dang! We've been rockin' hard all day and they're still gainin' on us!
We ain't never doing another time-out!
Don't bother drawing that gun, deputy; you'll never catch up with us.
My glutes are burning!" "You can do it. Just 10 more reps!
Your Grandfather's spin class.
Why are you after us? It's just a hobby.
I know it's been three hours, but I think we're starting to lose 'em.
They're gainin' on us! I just hope we can hold out 'til nap time!
These independent, low budget movies are just not my cup of tea Bradly
You'll never catch up to us sheriff.
This is the strangest SoulCycle class I've ever taken.
Environmental rules be damned! I would rather we had real horses!
There are other drawbacks to being a Vegan.
If we hurry we can hide out at the carousel.
We're going nowhere fast.
High tail it faster!
Come on men! The hippity hoppers are gaining ground!
Stop or I'll squirt!
Speed up, he's riding a thoroughbred mahogany!
Something tells me this slow white bronco chase is NOT going to go viral.
To catch Billy the Kid, you have to think like Billy the Kid.
Well, they aren't gaining on us but I tip my hat for the shows we're able to put on here at the Stuntman Retirement Community bar.
I reckon it's time to make 'em eat some caps!
They'll nab us at nap time.
Quick, they are rocking away
Give it up, Sheriff! You'll never catch us!
Sheriff ain't you gettin a little old for this?
Eat your hearts out Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
It's just a splinter movement
See you at the OK corral!
And I want to be home for my tea.
You'll never catch the Bundy Brothers!
'Anyone bring the motion sickness tablets?'
Well, we still haven't lost them, but the good news is they're not gaining on us.
We stole them from Billy the Kid.
Rock-a-bye-baby, we're ahead by a tail.
Rock like the wind Jerry the Fun Police are right on our tail
Dagnabit! He almost catches us then he doesn't. He almost catches us than he doesn't. I don't get it!?
She'll be coming 'round the mountain!
Your Honor, for the security of our nation, Toys R Us should provide the manual for disassembling.
You call those horses?
Knockers to the rockers, Frank! They're gaining on us!
The end will not justify the means.
They're gaining on us ... now they're not ... now they are ...
You guys rock!
Scenery sure gets old.
Stop shouting, 'Hi, ho, Woody.'
Rock harder, I think they're gaining.
Hey! quit tailing me with that old rocker
I said ... Simon says put your RIGHT hand on your hat Mister!
Damn snow never fell.
Being in the posse really rocks !!!!!
You'll never catch us Sherriff, we learned to ride as children.
Let's rock.
I don't know about you, but I am not a fan of these zero-emission horses.
Speed up the scenery, they're gaining on us!
Hurry! The Trojan horse is around the bend.
Looks like we're still holdin' our lead.
Gunfight at the I'm OK, You're OK Corral
You were right. This bank robbin' business is child's play, Nate!
Rock faster, Lefty, the posse from Toystone is on our tail!
lol why are we on rocking horses
Get rid of those bags of wooden nickels. They are slowing us down.
Sheriff, we wuz only horsin around!
Th-they're ga-ga-gaining on us.
Speeding? Seriously?
My hats off to you, sheriff. You guys really rock.
Hey Jeb, let's take these varmints out with our spud guns.
Yonder lies the castle of my father.
We shouldn't have stopped to water the horses.
You are not the Lone Ranger
Darn I think my horse just threw a screw
I think we are good unless we rock too far back.
This is why we keep a BB in the chamber, Deputy.
Clippity clop is not a gallop sound you idiot
This wasn't what I had in mind when I signed up for the Rock 'n Roll getaway.
Nah, nah - you can't catch us!
I think I prefer Louis L'Amour to D.H. Lawrence.
Now is when we could use your chainsaw.
I guess they just blue screen the real action in after...
The Sheriff knew then that his posses nap put the juice-box gang outta reach for good.
I sit to the left of the contrabassoon player.
It's the law! Head for the Rockies!
We're losing them. They're almost off their rockers.
This is the last time I do peyote right before a bank job.
No, you grow up
You're under arrest for grand theft tonka
Sheriff, hybrids are great for city use. Right now you need a mustang.
We said 'potty,' not 'posse'!
Give it up, Sheriff...they don't call me Billy the Kid for nothin'!
Last one to Chuck E. Cheese is a rotten egg!
Deputy, regarding catching drug dealers: anything not worth doing is not worth doing well.
Dag nabbit Rusty, I told you we should have taken the hobby horses.
The long, wooden legs of the law will never catch us.
Dang it, we ain't the horse thieves!!
I feel like I am in some sort of D. H. Lawrence-themed nightmare.
Hey, I'm Billy the Kid! What's your excuse?
Damn, they got their horses from the Rockin' H Ranch, too.
We'er not kids any more Slim! " " Stop chasin us !
When you said 'Hard Rock', I thought we were goin' out to dinner.
Put in a couple of more quarters...they're gaining on us!
Did not!
Face it sheriff, you ain't never gonna catch us and we ain't never gettin' away!
Give up, Sherriff. Nobody's ever caught The Day Care Bandits!
This is a horrible hobby.
Sheriff, I'll always be a step ahead of the law.
Hope PETA's happy now!
Don't make me pull out my wooden gun.
Budget constraints? What about job performance?
They're still there, but they haven't gained on us.
They're after us for robbing that piggy bank!
It's been hell ever since the real horses went on strike!
Be patient, Virtual Reality "The Magnificent Seven" 1.1 will be available on Amazon in 2 weeks.
I told you sheriff - I ain't never going back to Time-Out!
Slim, curse this dang oak! They got the light cedar.
Splinter?
Dagnabbit - it's Sheriff "Double Jointed" Johnston!
This isn't my first rodeo. Rockin cowboys!
We haven't gained any distance.
Faster! They're still behind us!
I don't think these spurs are working. We still haven't lost 'em.
We're tired of being chased...we wanna wear the sheriff badges now.
I'd give up and turn myself in Sheriff... but it really doesn't look like you can catch us.
So what if you ain't a catching' me, Marshall, just think o' the tiny carbon footprint you're a leavin'.
Well, the wife's the one who told me to get a hobby.
Billy the Kid: "The Early Years"
It's not rocking you heard, Butch, it's John Wayne rolling over in his grave.
Hurry up, Sundance. They're gaining on us!
They're gaining on u', oh no, oh yes, oh no, oh yes...
Guys, I think we should each seriously consider a new Hobby!
I won't do timeout again!
Rock and roll, pardner. Ain't no time for moseying.
Hi Partner. Welcome to Perdition.
Quick! They're gaining on us!
Why don't you get a new hobby?
That's the LAST time we rent from PETA!
It's tough when you live in the Rocking Mountains.
I know it's only rock and roll, but I like it!
My little girls ride faster than you slickers.
Hey, wearing REAL spurs is cheating!
I forget – this Western’s going to be in which film festival?
You'll never catch us. We have fresh horses.
Back and forth does not advance distance.
Okay, I admit it. I cheated at Tiddlywinks.
What kind of dude ranch is this?
Back off, Sheriff! This cap gun is loaded and I'm not afraid to use it!
Sheriff, I'll die before I go back to juvie.
They're still a day's ride behind us.
Catch us if yer can, yer jugheads!
Not sure if this rocking pony express will catch on.
I think our producer is running out of money.
Did Apple cave in to the Justice department ? They must be tracking our sim cards!
Come on, I said hop a long.
Isn't it just great to be rocking your blues away!
Every man needs a hobby.
Get us horses. You had one job Frank!
I reckon we should have stayed on the carousel.
That Rocky Mount sheriff and his deputy are inching up on us.
Management way overcompensated after the recent emissions scandal!
And to think that back in Dodge City they have to run around with only horse heads on sticks!
The Hunger Games: Rockingaway
And we're holding your teddy bear for ransom!
Next time let's just call an Uber.
Are they gaining? Or is it just me?
I don't know about you guys, but I'm definitely firing my agent.
Goldarnit, they've gained another inch on us!
You will literally NEVER catch us.
Looks like someone forgot to feed his horse.
[The GOP Establishment chasing down Trump. Trump to Lewandowski, beside him]: "I sure as hell hope they stay on their asses while we ride these here thoroughbreds all the way to D.C." [or feel free to modify along this theme]
Many changes were implemented at the Arizona Police academy, after the unfortunate events at the Okay Corral in October of 1881.
Do you think we can stop and get some cotton candy?
You're drafting on me!
This is not going anywhere.
Rock-a-bye baby on the tree top. When the cradle wavers, the guns will drop.
We'll lose them at Nursery Pass.
You ain't gainin' on us and we ain't gettin' away. Let's call is a draw and next time we'll try it agin with real horses.
Cowboys never grow up. They just ride into the sunset.
Based on this scenario if I shoot the bullet won't go anywhere either.
Faster! We gotta shake 'em!
Dang! We just can't shake 'em!
Simon says . . . touch your hat. Damn, I can't shake this guy!
You varmints 'll never ketch us.
If you get a splinter in your ass, I'm not pulling it out.
Sundance.... who are those guys?
"All this trouble for robbing a train set.
Hey Easy Riders, get off your rockers!
Nobody catches Billy the Kid !
This IS my first rodeo.
I know what you're thinking: "Did he drop six quarters or only five?" Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement, I've kinda lost track myself.
Stay in the right lane, lard-ass.
And they said crime doesn't play.
Hey Butch, who are those guys?
I'm rethinking the carpool.
What if we jumped off and ran?
Wild West Reality Camp is disappointing on so many levels.
We're from the Rockin' Ranch!
This is retarded!
Aw man, they must have the new model.
This life of crime is getting us nowhere.
Down the backstretch, here comes Lonesome Dove.
Damn! That's Sheriff John 'Rocking' Holiday!
Maybe the next time you could try arresting those PETA protesters instead.
C'mon! You KNOW we won those marbles fair and square!
Gitty-up or they'll have us by sundown!
Get him out of here! Just get him out! Not like the good 'ole days.
We're okay - unless they decide to shoot....
You think this is child's play?
They are gaining on us. We better return the piggy bank.
When you said we were gonna rock and we were gonna roll, I did not think you meant literally!
Quick we can get new mounts at the gymnasium!
Hazing has gotten super creative these days.
CGI will treat those saddle sores.
Early attempts to reduce greenhouse gases from transportation were received with mixed reviews.
There's not a sofa cushion jail tough enough to hold me!
That's the last time I'll shoot anyone with a toy gun.
Sure wish that Rogers fella hadn't taken Trigger!
Howdy partner
Hurry up. They're leaning closer.
Bad Guys? Hell, we're Proxy Forces, same as you.
Keep rockin' Slim, these babies aren't as fast in the sand!
Keep on rockin' if you want to stay in the free world, Billy!
Give up, or I'll unleash my trained termites at you.
So, your first film coproduced by PETA?
Good God, it's no use. THEIR horses are tireless too!
Talk about an exercise in futility.
Butch, we're not exactly losing em, but they're not gaining either.
We want them DOA.
Tarnation! The hobby posse is rockin' some fresh mounts!
Your inner child will never apprehend my inner child.
This is going nowhere.
We gotta git a better hobby.
I think they're gaining on us.
Don't you just love technology? I told you we'd get fewer saddle sores ...
Giddyyap! The pogo posse is gaining on us!
I think our only chance to lose 'em is to dive into the ball pit.
This is getting really boring. What do you say to a quick shoot-out?
I said I hope you get a splinter.
If you think you can catch me sheriff, you're off your rocker.
Damn, I knew I should have invested in oak!
Eat our little clouds of dust lawmen.
Hope you're better at drawing that gun, than this guy is at drawing horses.
Yet another great American tradition that PETA has managed to neuter.
We're leaving you in the sawdust.
We need more quarters!
You'll never take us alive, you big crybabies!
Another good rock and they'll be on us!
I think we lost them – unless of course they ditch the horses and walk over to us
You said sundown!
Well sheriff, I tried to yelling "Whoa!"
Damn the French and their eating habits.
Doggone it - just my luck - I'm being chased by a rock star.
You're not the boss of me, Sheriff!
History'll forget you, lawman, but they'll be talkin' 'bout Kid Rock for centuries.
Dangit Bart! Where'd you get that horse from – Kenya?
This isn't what I meant when I said I wanted to rock your world.
Them's our hobby horses we rounded up!
Damn last year's horse-meat fetish!
Chasing crooks is just a hobby of mine.
Rock faster, Jesse...they're gaining on us.
Rock faster...dumb and dumber are gaining on us.
Shouldn't have gotten these horses from the "stable".
Did you get the email? They just banned Super Glue.
You'll never catch us, big tax-credit lawmen.
Hey, Billy. We're not getting anywhere on these.
All hobby and no horse.
If'n they catch us we're all gonna get the rockin' chair!
If you think this is a long, drawn out process, just wait til you go to court.
I ain't going back to timeout!
Looks like they rent from the same budget company
These new-fangled eco-friendly horses ain't as fast the old ones.
No, we are not stopping for a potty break.
Rock faster, we'll lose them in the sandbox.
You need to study for your egg laying class.
You and the horse you rocked in on!
Since when is being "off your rocker" a crime !!
Head to our hiding place behind the dollhouse!
Hey Sheriff! Jessie and I took bank robbin' up as a hobby, what's your story?
They're gaining on us! -we're getting away! -they're gaining on us! -we're getting away!
"They're gaining on us," said Frank, a new breed of cowboy for the green 21st century.
Butch, who are those guys?
Ned, I think we've had it. Sheriff's behind us on Rocket. We'll never lose 'em.
Quick! Release the termites!
Forget the hide-out, rock toward the border!
Rock ,rock as fast as you can ---You can't catch us we're the Ginger horsemen !!
You never would'a caught us if you hadn't given them nags a coat of gloss varnish!
I think we're losing them.
In this economy, we save some money and go nowhere.
The first Kentucky Derby.
Head for the sawmill. They'll never follow us there.
You'll never catch up to me at that rate!
We're rocking in a hard place.
Hey pilgrim, rhinestone cowboys and rocking horse cowboys are very different things.
The new animal rights laws have limited our use of real horses.
Our only chance is to make it to the border.
We're never smoking tumbleweed again.
"Rock harder" works better than "Giddy-up", Tex.
What were we thinking with the water guns?
We just can't lose them!
I've been a part of far more committed posses.
Giddy up! Rock-a-bye Baby Face is hot on our tails.
Welcome to "Guy's Night" as a new dad!
It's a two horse race
You'll never take our hobby-horse deduction!
Tell Santa to keep me off the naughty list, next time!
Hurry up! My quarter's almost running out!
Rock faster, they're catching up!
I hope those are eco-friendly, vegan revolvers.
Hurry up! We'll be late for our PETA meeting!
We're going to leave you in the sawdust partner!
It's a good thing, they wearing cap pistols.
I told you not to buy last year's hybrid.
I think their horses are coin operated.
Stop tailgating!
I'm warnin' you Tex. I got me a water gun and I plan on using it!.
I don't know about you Sheriff, but I think we may have missed nap time.
Someone needs to reverse these equestrian budget cuts...
19th century Spin class
"The Wood, the Bad and the Ugly" A PETA original
Those animal rights activists are ruining the movies.
My partner's ridin' Splinters. Me? I'm on Vasectomy.
Newsflash: Escape from Rocking Horse Ranch in progress.
Ha, just passed the 500 calorie mark! Beat that, sheriff!
Dear Lord I hope they have cap guns as well...otherwise this is our train set robbery!
Actually; they're not gaining at all.
At least Woody from Toy Story sells everybody horses.
Rock wrong, you go backwards!
Looks fishy to me-any relation to me is just a fluke
I said I wanted Rocky Mountain horses, not rocking mountain horses!
Butch and Sundance: the toddler years.
As long as they stay on the horses we'll be fine.
Well, it looked fun when my kids were doing it. But, we don't seem to be getting very far.
This is what we git for tryin' to rob them thar Rockerfellers!
You'll never catch us now Sheriff.
This is what happens when you outlaw horse manure!
We're not giving up unless we get a butt full of splinters.
On the plus side, they don’t seem to be gaining on us.
The sherif's nightmare.
We're closing in on our nap time.
Trump. How about you?
Perfect, he's almost in pop gun range?
I've never had saddl sores but I've had plenty of splinters
The sheriff's new model is quite the runner.
After a few days the seasickness goes away.
We're in trouble Sam. They've got clearly superior carpentry.
I'm getting a Charley horse.
Sheriff, it's time to pull the Google glasses out of the saddle bag.
I'm still going to get away, just you wait a couple months!
There is a great vegan restaurant up the road.
Dagnabbit Dutch, them dawgs am some perfeshnal hobby horse riders...giddyup now!
This is how the west was lost
Y'all mind if we give SoulCycle a try?
They'll never catch us!
What makes you think our horse brand is the same as yours?
But it was just a piggy bank!
Hold on to your hat Marshall because we need to jump off quickly and hop on to the choo choo train to get home for lunch!
Time for milk and cookies then a nap
"The chancellor seems to have a long potrtfoilio this week".
What do ya mean, 'When the wind blows?'
This'll never work as a political cartoon unless we rassle up a lady rider!
I already told you, I'm not Billy the Kid!
Ain't no horse thief, it's just a hobby.
Remind me never to russel the Nursery School horses again, too many problems!
Hey, don't those guys get splinters?
Let me repeat... this is just a hobby.
Well I'll be... Its all over Bill! They are riding Radio Flyers! The quickest 'n best 'n the west!
I cain't hardly believe it Tumbleweed - but it seems them rascal lawmen is gainin' on us!
I don't know why, but they ain't gainin' on us, Slim
The first rocking horse thief.
This is definitely a B-Western.
We shouldn't have listened to Billy.
But Sheriff, we never robbed no piggy bank!
If you think you can catch us , you'd have to be off your rocker.
As soon as we finish our basic training, we'll be given real horses.
Eat my wood dust!
We're done for now Bart! The Sheriff's gone off his rocker!
First on to the pass wins.
Nananana boo boo.
Anybody else feeling sea sick?
Get off your horses and drink your milk.
You'll never catch us now coppers! We have too much of a lead!
What do you mean "is that just a hobby"?
Splinters, Roy, hell! It's the h-roids, by-gum.
I told you we should never have done an American Humane Association western...
Damn straight, this is my hobby.
Sheriff's gaining, Ned. I told you we should have taken the broomstick ponies.
Da Da Da Dum.
You Rock, We Roll!
I told you robbing Toys R Us was a bad idea!
Whose idea was this 'well regulated militia?'
That's the last time we rob a toy train.
I don't care how much we saved, we are never using that cobbler again.
Lucky we got that 10 hour head start.
Ha, ha, lawman. Now you know why that one's name is 'Splinter.'
We're not gonna lose 'em if we keep going back and forth down this road!
Those new safety regulations sure have taken the fun out of being chased by a posse!
...Not exactly what I meant by 'get a new hobby'...
You need a new hobby!
Come on, boys! We have to beat Trump.
Hurry. The bad guys have red wagons.
Faster, they're gaining on us.
They're catching up! Their horses must be fresher.
If we sit tight and don’t go off our rockers, we might have a chance.
Did you pack extra diapers? We could be out here for a while.
I said it was a slippery slope -- first they replace the horses in Central Park with pedicabs, and now this!
Sheriff, just heard your mom call, you best get off of that horse and head home.
C'mon! My grandma can rock faster than that!
You're taking this game way too seriously!
You're off your rocker if you think you're going to do anything but eat my sawdust.
I knew those kegels would pay off!
At least rockin' horse thievin's not a capital offense.
That damn posse can really rock.
Damn it, Ned." " He's riding that lighter balsa wood stud.
Hurry up! They're almost within cap gun range!
No way those rockers catch our rockers!
He's gaining. Now he's not. Now he is. Now he's not...
Does it ever seem like you just aren't really getting anywhere in life?
You rocking horse people eat marshmallow pies!
I think I just heard a discouraging word.
Would please stop humming "Macho Man..."
Ha ha. Charlie horse is always behind.
You are just a "little horse" from all that shouting.
Rock On they're right on our tails!
Those other guys? They're off their rockers.
Don't be fooled by the big-posse trick. They are just slappng their hands on their thighs.
This is absolutely my last low-budget western.
Hey, don't I know you from pre-school?
It's the Hasbros!
If we ride through nap time, we may be able to lose them at the jungle gym.
Trust me pardner, chafing is only half of our problem.
Holly Hobby sold us out for a couple of pop rocks
Dang, they're a catchin' us!
Don't look now, but they're gaining on us incrementally!
I TOLD you we should have sprung for hardwood...but noooooooo!
We have been in the same spot since the last three laps.
Don't worry, they'll fix it in CGI!
Rock faster, they're catching up with us.
They shoot horses from the waist up, don't they?
Maybe we can lose 'em at the slides.
I'm your worst nightmare!
I told you already, we're boy Irish
they call the wind Mariah Carey?
Told you we should have gotten here earlier for the spin class!
And there's a carousel posse right behind them.
I'll meet you at the Rocking Horse Saloon
Aren't we better off on foot?
What – squeak – did – squeak – you – squeak – say?
Hold on now, fellers - it's almost nap time.
A white bronco will always outrun a sheriff
This is a lot of fun guys but we probably ought to get back to work.
This town is only big enough for one ass
Ride faster or they'll catch us by naptime.
Looks like the sheriff got his horses at Rocking Horse Ranch too.
Last one to the bouncy castle is a rotten egg!
You may have the law on your side but we got physics on ours!
You'll never catch The Rocker Brothers!
They're still relatively gaining on us!
Hey Bullock, if you see it rockin, don't come a knockin
Yeah, well ours don't have to stop for water either!
They're relatively gaining on us!
Time to break out the cap guns.
I told you Toys R Us ain't the best place to get horses!
Oh, that's who you are.
I'm all for practical effects, but this is ridiculous!
I bet those carousel riders are still going in circles.
Watch out, it's Rocker Texas Ranger!
Dang it, Clem, if you're tryin' to draft me, you've got another think comin ! "
They got fresh phonies, Jake!
He's gaining! -- there's just one rock between us and a hard place.
That's the last time you'll talk me into buying the cheaper horses 'cuz they don't eat'.
You still think the sheriff was bluffing about cutting costs, Ralph?
I said I wanted to rock Porsches, Steve. With a 'p.'
Holt, we gotta get new hobbies.
Sheriff, you rock my world!
Hurrah! We've gain 5 inches.
We gotta get fresh horses!
Just keep going, we'll fix it in post
This new sharing economy is not what I thought it would be.
They ain't gainin' on us, but we ain't losin' 'em either!
I think we're beating a dead horse.
Who will be the pyrrhic, rocking horse winner?
congress in pursuit of reform
Running from the law is getting us nowhere.
Rock that horse Curley!
I'm no rocky Balboa.
Next time I'm reading the dude ranch brochures more closely!
I think we can slow down, they ain't gaining on us.
I'd rather die in the saddle than rot in your jail!
You may have not have noticed we just crossed the border.
I think we're still in range.
Next time we're stealing toy horses with wheels!
Seems it's no good beating a rocking horse, either!
Keep your distance. These guns ain't toys!
Howdy mate, aren't you rocking the race.
If you say, "Hi ho Silver" one more time!
Aight Ma we will be inside in a few
Wouldn't want to beat a dead horse!
It's time to give up, you will never get away.
You ain't ever heard of the mild mild west?
The capguns were an even worse idea.
Tex, I swear they're gaining on us.
Vegan westerns never seem to go anywhere.
Can't never send us back to the play pen!
Let's see how you do up this hill!
Woman with baby carriage? Where?
I can't
Burning Man is so awesome !
Hurry! We can lose them in the ball pit canyon.
No horses were harmed in the making of this movie.
The national forest rangers won't sue us.
Hurry, I can't afford to lose another pony!
Don't look now, but the Hippity Hop Gang is gaining on us!
I ain't goin' back to the nursery.
You'll never catch us if your traveling at the same speed as we are.
In hindsight, Peter, maybe we should have stayed in Never Land!
they're rockin' right for us
Actually I think we are ALL off the rocker.
You're right, we should have gone with the pogo sticks.
Don't worry, Jeb. I reckon they bought their horses at the rocking horse ranch too.
The rockin posse always get their man
Giddyup boy or we'll end up in the playpen!
Hey, Leroy Your Mama, she's calling you, man
Yeah, we saw them. They went thataway, thisaway, thataway, thisaway ...
One Hand!!! I can do one hand!!!
The studio insisted upon a kid’s movie.
The first SoulCycle.
Call me a pessimist, but at this rate, I don't think we'll lose them.
Don't worry, we'll lose 'em during nap time.
Why don't we just finish playing this childish game. We all are already adult so...
hay shar huff "nay nay nay nay nay - i betcha cant ketch chop wit me nor ma cowboy buddy"! - g'head n rock'm sock'm - dem dar donkeys - with all yaw spur writ"!
You'll never catch me on that nag!
Hurry ya'll! Momma's making cookies!
You'll never catch us, not here on the Rockies.
C'mon guys, it's only Monopoly money.
Sir, I am deeply and terrifically honoured to be part of your fantasy grand old posse.
We ain't gonna stop rockin' till you guys rockin'.
Watch out for falling babies up ahead.
Duke! Why couldn't we go for a B-movie budget?
What's the name of these new breeds? Night mares
Robbin' banks just ain't the same since PETA came along.
Let's split off and see if we can lose them.
We're not alone, and it's more like "Hi-OW sliver!"
You can rock, but you can't hide.
Good thing the guns only shoot water.
I hate this "Sundance Kid" remake.
Juvenile Justice System in the West, ca. 1885
Sometimes the struggle is real
We could go back n' forth with you all day fellas.
They're gaining, Let's Rock and Roll!
I thought you said he was off his rocker!
Give it up, Black Bart. We aim to chase you to the ends of...uh...this here pasture!
Save your energy boys. This is a two horse race.
OJ had this down!
Sheriff Sisyphus on the job.
No I don't have any Grey Poupon.
We're in trouble, Jack! It's Birch Cassidy and The Sandalwood Kid!
Lets head'em off at the pass.
How the hell do you keep gaining on us?
I wish you'd told me what these spinning classes were like
No, not to the gravesite. They're cremating the old man's Stratocaster, too.
We should have taken the pogo-sticks
The cigar store Indian ran off with all the wooden nickels and we're gonna get 'em back.
Giddiyap?! Giddiyap, your ass!
But I thought you said this was a dude ranch for people whose hobby is horses!
The budget cuts hit us bad
Now Volkswagen has gone too far.
The Director promised they would sort it out in the special effects studio
This unicorn ain't scalable!
You'll never catch me - I have the newest Mustang model and you're still riding last year's Pinto!
Quick, head for the Rockies!
Last one to the bank is a rotten egg!
The seldom heard discouraging word is splinters.
I told you to rustle a couple of "hardy" horses!
One more low-budget role, and I'm firing my agent.
Keeping up this whole 'Billie the Kid' persona is getting to be a bit much.
Hey Sheriff, I hope you brought your Preparation H !!!
Quick! I think we're gaining on them!
Listen, I don't like it either, but when they nickname you The Kid, you gotta stay on brand.
At this rate, you will never catch me.
These rockers don't move like no rolling stone!
When "rock and roll" had a more literal meaning.
How was I supposed to know it was the mayor's binky?!
You and the horse you rocked in on, sheriff!
I'm the bad guy because it's MY man cave.
They looked real online.
Pete, something tells me were going to be riding like this all day.
Ta do dum. Ta da dum. Ta da dum, dum, dum.
It's better than clapping coconuts together
I told you it was against the law to buy those slinkys with Monopoly money
You outlaws have rocked the wild west for far too long now
I'm getting too old for this crap.
Ain't it ironic...we brought glue in case of a broken leg.
No! Williamsburg is this way!
When the application said 'Rocking Horse Ranch,' I thought they were talking about the brand.
I think we need to fire the blacksmith.
Let's rock the kasbah!
Ma said to quit pickin' on us!
Back off or I'll sic my toy poodle on you!
Rock for the Border!
Hurry! The rocking cows are stampeding
Use your spurs !!
I'm getting to old for this @&$!
Let's try to get a few more inches between us before sundown.
I thought you said this was better than politics. pretending to get somewhere
Whoa there! You have my hat.
Look, I'm all for reducing greenhouse gases, but there has to be a happy medium.
Is that Cliven Bundy and his boys being chased by the over reachin' goberment?
It's only a hobby, but it rocks my world.
You head for Jack-in-the-Box canyon, Butch, and I'll try to out-rock the posse!
Faster, Gus! They must be riding that military surplus.
Crap, they've got spruce horses.
This is the lowest budget movie we've ever been in.
If they catch us we will be in time out!
They're gaining on us! Rock and roll!
Eat my sawdust, Marshal.
I thought they'd stop when we graduated kindergarten, but these guys are unbelievably persistent.
Where's the marshmallow pie?
Mine's a hybrid, How 'bout you?
I told you 'Horse-Free Wednesday's' was a dumb idea.
Jesse was my brother's name! 'Rocking Horse' Randy James is going to be a legend too.
I thought "one-horse town" was just a saying.
Don't worry, their horses are hybreds, we have more power.
My therapist says I need to break the cycle, but I can't stop feeling that just when I'm getting ahead I fall back again.
Hi, ho, hobby horse!
Hurry up boys, recess is almost over.
Dude, I plum told youse we'd have more fun on rockin' whores.
We're at full tilt and they're right behind us!
We should have taken the hobby horses!
I don't think 'hobby' suffices. These horses are really more of a passion for me.
Hurry; their almost off their rockers!
We can go back n forth all day sheriff!
Why don't we settle this like men? With popguns.
I've been outrunnin' you for 12 hours, Sheriff. When you gonna give up?
Stay back! My squirt gun is loaded!
We need more horsepower!
We have to slow down. It's a preschool zone.
Let's go round up them wooden cattle.
hey bro
Keep goin' Bart! We'll lose 'em at nap time!
CATCHING THE BAD GUYS IN FLORIDA.
How about we call a truce and break for naptime?
I think we're OK, they're not gaining.
That was Hob Bee not Rob Me !
Just be glad it's not a sloppy track.
On the bright side, at least they're not gaining on us.
This is the last low budget movie I work on
The Kid rides again!
They're gaining on us. Head for the carousel!
This scene would be a lot more exciting on a ski hill.
Mom said when we're done we have to go back to Congress.
You're off your rocker if you think you're takin' us in, lawman....
Next time, I get to be sheriff.
This is kiddie play!
Faster Chet! We're in range of their pop guns!
You'll never catch me--I've been rocking my whole life.
I knew we were over budget, but this is ridiculous.
I enjoyed it more when we had wheels on these things.
The Good, the Bad, the Snugly/
Hurry up Tex, they're rockin on us fast!
That'll teach me not to rob FAO Schwartz!
Wait til you get a load of the cattle!
I told you balsa was no good!
If you guys think you can capture us, you're off your rockers.
Let's switch rockers and split up.
No fair galloping.
How are they gaining on us?
Hey Sheriff, which way is our hide-out again?
Lucky us - it's almost their time for milk and cookies.
Have you heard of the statute of limitations? It ran out a month ago!
Rock your horsey, Do Si Do.
People slowly accustomed themselves to the idea that the physical states of space itself were the final physical reality.
Why do I feel like y'all got a head start?
They're gaining on us, release the termites.
Stay back, Sheriff, or I'll knock you off your little rocker!
Dammit Bill, I told you rocking horse pass was a bad idea.
I'd say at least a two hour lead.
I told you I had a bad feeling about the horse name "Rocket."
Ditch the evidence!
It's okay. We aren't actually supposed to expect them to pay the reward money.
Low budget western.
I'm pretty sure this is not how they did it in the West, Jim.
Maybe it's the wind but I just don't feel like we're making any headway.
Last time secretaries book corporate retreat.
I told you we should use stick horses!
Hey Sheriff - does all this mean I can only be charged as a juvenile !??
You must be off your rocker!
I knew we should have paid for the upgrade.
Clearly our AI horses are faster than yours!
Let's split up.
We'll have a better chance of losing them if we split up!
We're already out of Dodge!
They are gaining , we should have had a double espresso.
See, I told ya these oak horses couldn't outrun the sheriff's faster spruce ones.
Hold your horses!
Sheriff, I feel like we're just going through the motions here.
Well, they ain't gainin' on us.
Somethin I gotta tell you, Butch -- I can't swim, not even in a kiddy pool!
Shoot! They got them Amish Made ones.
Invest in some pineys, marshal, those oaks are a cut below!
This is the last time we rob a toy train.
Hi yo slivers away!
This is boring. Let's cut a deal.
That's it, that's the tipping point
It still beats walking to town
I need a new agent.
Try balsa wood next time!
Rock like the wind, Tex! Rock like the wind!
Now we're rocking the Wild Wild West.
Gosh darn these splinters!
It's gonna take a mighty big tweezer to get these splinters out.
Well, they ain't a-gainin,' but we shore ain't outrunnin' 'em neither.
Giddy up K-Mart, they're gaining on us!
I wonder what the Rocking Horse elite will do now that this is still a four-man race.
"I'll Trump you Cruze!"- Hillary Clinton
Didn't I tell you we shouldn't have taken the EPA too lightly?
Surrender? Sheriff, you must be off your rocker.
You'll never catch us! Nap time doesn't count, though.
Only thing that's gonna give them the slip is fresh horses!
Ever felt like you were between a hard rock and a place?
Dammit, they're still right on us, Butch.
They’re gaining on us! We’re losing ‘em! They’re gaining on us! We’re losing ‘em! They’re gaining on us! We’re losing ‘em! They’re gaining’ on us! We’re losing ‘em!
‘You guys must be off your rockers to be chasing us!”
Who are these guys? Three days now and they're still keeping up with us.
Keep leaning. We're losing them.
Darn,they got new mounts from Rocking Horse too.
You can look back, but for heaven's sake, don't lean back!
I said the town needed more Gallup polls, not gallop poles!
We are a little old to be playing good cowboys and bad cowboys, don't you think?
These new eco-friendly rides don't really have the giddy-up I was hoping for.
It's the sheriff from Toys R Us.
Unless we get moving, they'll be on us by nightfall
I've told you 100 times … no, they're not gaining on us!
Dang P.E.T.A! Weren't for them we'd be plumb holed up in the next county by now.
How can there be such a horse shortage in ranch country?
Gun control movement was nothing compared to this.
Are you wobbling or hobbling?
Wait'll you see the herd!
When I was a kid, I dreamt of moments like this.
PETA is RUINING the movies!
You crazy. Zeno not a name from 'round here.
Come on boys, they just robbed the doll house.
Think of the money your saving on feed and vets.
I told you not to take the pass.
You'll never catch us. We rock AND roll!
Do you think we can out rock them?
My therapist will have a heyday with this one -- at least I'm dressed!
You boys up for discussin' the insolubility of this paradox?
Future generations will thank us for doing our part to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
You'll never catch me now Sheriff Kasich!
Rock faster! The Sheriff's got Time Out in his eyes.
Billy the kid and his gang were unparalleled horsemen.
Fred wasn't sure, but he thought in such a high stakes competition, farting was against the rules.
Looks like we're going nowhere faster than you're going nowhere!
I could win if the rest of you dropped out
I'm calling my agent and telling him once and for all, no more Pasketti Westerns.
Are you sure rock and roll is here to stay and we'll go down in history?
Time out, my son's daycare's texting me.
No takesies backsies!
They're gaining on us every day.
That's the last time we rob a rocking bank!
They're catching up. Let's rock 'n roll.
I told you rocket horse, not rock-it horse.
Something about them horses look familiar
They're gaining on us! Let's split up and I'll lose 'em in the canyon!
Republican Party
Giddyup! In a few more inches, they'll be in cork-gun range!
This is my first PETA authorized posse.
The last one home is a rotten egg.
You'll never catch us - we've got titanium rockers.
I told the director that I wasn't the hero he needed, but he said I was the hero he could afford.
They’re in slow pursuit.
They're gaining on us better double time it!
They take this going AWOL seriously.
You'll never catch us before nap time!
They don't call me the rocking-horse winner for nothing.
Actors' Equity will hear about this!
Howdy sheriff, you'll never catch us those stallions are from the hobby lobby, and they are chock full of abstinence brochures! Yee-haw!
My therapist will have a field day with this one -- at least I'm dressed!
You have to call a time-out. Then we can trade hats.
Is this the Apocalypse?
Don't worry. The sheriff's self-driving horses won't speed either.
This presidential race is going nowhere fast. At this rate, we'll soon all be off our rocker.
If they catch us I'll never donate to the Humane Society!
He's gaining on us. I told you we should have got fresh horses before we left town.
somehow it feels like we're not taking that mandated posse training serious
Watch out, the deputy's goin' for his cap gun!!
Damn it, Gary, they're closing in on us! Can't you make 'clip-clop' sounds any faster?
Your rocking horses aren't going to make a hill of beans difference.
We rock, but we're still getting nowhere fast.
Quick, we need an idea with legs.
Dream on!
Giddybye.
This will make a great horse opera.
All this chasing for some stolen Monopoly money.
You'll never catch us durin' recess.
This would be more fun if it weren't for the splinters.
Sundance, I think they are gaining on us.
Hey, guys, I think mom is calling us in for dinner!
You'll never catch us on those nags, lawman!
I said, to hobble their horses, not to hobby them!
You're off your rocker, copper
He's Not Going Back To The Toy Store !
Chickie the Trump cops....
Dang! That posse rocks!
The piggybank robbers went thataway.
Failure to clean up our rocking horse poop, you've got to be kidding!
Thems Texas Ebony. Heaviest wood west of the Pecos. Let’s take ‘em to the river.
Are you sure Hank done it this way?
These horses ain't movin, rock faster!
This isn't getting us anywhere.
They gaining, must be supercharged Mustangs!!
Hey officer, we'll pull over at the next toy shop!
That posse must be makin' a hobby of chasing us!
I'm a cowboy, on a wood horse I ride...
They ain't gonna catch us, but we ain't gonna get any farther away!
Can we really ride a real horse, after this practice?
I realize it's a low-budget Western, but couldn't they have skimped on wardrobe instead?
Dagnabbit Clem, this isn't a race!
I rockin they're gaining on us, Curtis!
Make tracks for the barn pardner! We need a fill up of hay.
Somehow they're gaining on us!
Whoa, pardners! I'm think Ol' Sheriff Adams is off his rocker!
So the guy's name was Geppetto, huh?!
If we get out of this one, I've robbed my last model train.
Be careful of those rocks or we'll fall right into the sheriff's lap.
Next time I get be the sheriff.
We're in trouble. They have newer models.
I think they're gaining on us, Senator!
Rats! I was hoping the wind would cover our tracks before the posse came after us.
What time did Mom say we had to be home for supper?
I used to spin but prefer the workout gear of rocking. Plus I really, really like the whole gun/holster thingamajig.
Shoot for the legs, we can knock them off their rocker
Can we whoa for a sec? Got a splinter.
All this over a few orange $500 bills" "You stole from a very wealthy, partially near-sighted man! You'll pay for this
Knock 'em off. They won't get far on foot.
Life ain't easy for a cowtoy.
Rock on Joe we're catching them
Concentrate, man. Don't you want your license back?
Why did our first Cowboy movie fail again?
I just thought of a name for that chocolate ice cream you mixed with walnuts and li'l marshmallows.
Shouldn't we all be going after the farrier?!
This was more fun when we were kids.
Get a move on, pard'ner. We only got a day's head start on 'em!
Would'ha never caught us, Al had'nt got that sliver.
30 minutes and we still haven't reached the front yard!
Well, the good news is, they ain’t gainin’ on us.
Don't you think all this fighting is starting to get a little childish?
Is horseplay illegal?
This dang hat won't stay on.
The Sheriff's in town!
They are gaining on us, but I think that we still are two months ahead.
Is stealin' rocking horses a hangin' offense?!
These new horse safety laws are killing my outlaw vibe.
Can't find no wild horses nither sheriff?
I'm out of dimes.
Just call my daddy, Cliven, he said if I wanted this property I could have it.
Speak your mind, but ride a fast horse.
I love cosplay, but it doesn't have the realism of when we were five years old.
When we catch you you're going straight to time out!
I might be a gol-durn rustler, but you're violating the Second Law of Thermodynamics.
That's right Sheriff! The name is Billy the Kid!
When I told the sheriff we needed some artificial intelligence to help solve the case, I didn't mean this.
Well shoot, I'm outta caps!
step on it "Buck" the Sheriff's a waddlin high
Man, these horses totally rock.
You'll never catch me! You're off your rocker!
Those guys rock!
It takes a while, but there's virtually no carbon footprint.
Now we know why the spaghetti westerns show chase scenes only from the waist up!
Who's your daddy?
We'll never catch those wooden Indians at this rate.
You must be off your rocker if you think you're gonna catch us!
Rock AND Roll, Dusty. Rock AND Roll!
Maybe they're donkeys?
Keep going! They're getting splinters...
it was a back and forth chase
Careful, Slim... termites a'yonder!
You'll never catch Billy the Kiddie!
P.E.T.A.! Schmeeta! I am getting real sick of this P.C. crap!
No, sheriff - I DON'T wanna which to Barbie, Etch-A-Sketch, or Tickle-Me-Elmo.
C'mon you dudes, we have 500 miles to Denver, then comes the hard part.
The babies that never actually "grew up" to be Cowboys.
They're still behind us!
I knew we should've waxed our runners more
They can't touch us once we get to our bouncy hideout!
Watch out! He's reaching for his water pistol!
How are they even gaining on us?
I'm ready for a pit stop. You?
Rock faster, pardner. They're gainin' on us.
How do we get out of this Mickey Mouse outfit?
I say we dismount and run for it.
It's only a mockery of justice if we don't catch you !
It may be a hobby to you but to me, it's a living!
We don't allow no hula hoop rustlin'in these parts. Heeyah.
If I grow a mustache, can I get a star?
Gotta get up early to get the good horse!
What do you say we stop and water the horses ?
Well they ain't gainin' on us, that's for damn sure.
Take me dead, Sheriff! I'm not going back to time-out!
We should not have reinvented the wheel!!
Oh great. I knew i should have gotten one with extra mileage.
Faster, Butch, they're gainin' on us!
Durn it Jake, I told you we shoulda taken them toy Arabians; now they're gaining on us!
The breeder stiffed us.
We'll never make it to the sequel!
We never should have switched to these non-methane producing horses.
PETA has gained far too much influence.
I'll go left. You go right.
I think we're getting away
Maybe we misread 'Rocket'!
Whaddaya mean that's a real gun?!
We'll be great again when we get there!
This is not what I had in mind when you said we'd have a rockin' good time.
Well they ain't gainin on us, but we ain't losing them neither. Let's give it one more week..
Sir, I'm going to exercise my right to keep on rocking in the free world.
Jeb, more rockin', Sheriff Arp's got a tailwind.
It was still worth it for all them succulent Trump Steaks.
Come on, Rocky!
He's got a squirt gun!
Ok, ok. Well switch. I know, it's your turn to be the bad guys.
No, holding on to the RIGHT side makes you go faster.
Well, they're not gaining on us.
Is it the whiskey talking or did we steal the wrong horses?
They're gaining on us, Clem! I told you the termites wouldn't work!
I'm sorry Sheriff, but I don't think this plan to get in touch with our "inner child" is working.
Are you sure they're not gaining on us?
Faster Gabby, they're inching up on us.
The SPCA selected our mounts
Next posse someone else gets to ride Ol' Splinter.
Get the lead out!
So, that's where Billy the Kid gets his name!
Nobody told us riding in the desert on a horse with no name is illegal.
Go away. You've been behind us for a week and haven't gained an inch on us.
Stop copying me!
They say this new restructuring is going to save the company.
One yard more and I empty my BB bag.
Low budgets are one thing, but this producer is goll darn miserly.
You're mocking me, right?
What do you mean, I'm off my rocker?!
They're gaining, wait we are pulling away, nope they are gaining again.....
I know, but think of the oats we've saved !
Obviously, we aren't really horse thieves.
Looks like this arms race has broken them, too!
These PETA folks are taking things too far!
These dudes take their games seriously.
They're gaining on us. Wait, we're losing them. Wait, they're gaining on us. Wait, we're losing them.
It's all fun and games until someone gets a splinter.
Something tells me they're not playing with us.
It's the goddamn Rocky Mountain police.
Shake it, boys. At this rate, we'll rock around the clock.
He's reaching for his cap gun pard..!
This is my first low-budget film.
They're gainin' on us, Wyatt!
I don't know how, but they're gaining on us.
Hey, buddy! Is this your anxiety dream, or mine?
Oh, yeah? Well then I double dare you.
Damn these PETA westerns.
Twerk faster Bart, their gaining!
Quick! Hit the Noz!
Who would've thought that they'd stake out the playroom?!
See what happens when you get government-issued horses?
Our guns are real. Are yours?
We gotta hoof it!
We'll be outta town by bedtime.
Let's just try not to change them in midstream!
They got nothing on us. We're not speeding; we're rocking.
There are worse things than a wild goose chase, sheriff.
We ain't goin' to jail, Bart; sheriff's playin' by our rules now.
I deserve to be punished.
Dang! These new 'reduced emission' territories are really annoying.
They'll never catch us. Our kids made these horses using 3-d printed nanomaterials.
Why in tarnation would you think we stole horses?
Gimme sumthin'. "Giddy-up!" ain't workin'.
Ride like it's your job!
We can't shake them. Who are those guys?
When you said you had a Hobby Horse Ranch that you use on the weekends, I wondered how you fed the horses during the week.
You're horse is going to have to gallop faster than that to catch us!
Look out, Tonto and Scout are catching up!
My spurs aren't working!
You'd think there'd be an easier way to do this huh?
I'm only in second gear and still have more horsepower than you! I'm glad I wore my spurs!! Yeehaw!!
You're not going anywhere...
If you don't stop following us, I'm calling my mom!
Now... let's hope theirs are toy-guns too, mate !
These mustangs were supposed to have more horsepower!
I am a sinner that does not expect forgiveness. But I am not a government official.
This is so stupid we must be on Candid Camera.
Third place again, Senator Rubio.
I got a squirt gun, and I ain't afraid to use it!
I wish you knew how to quit me!
Scene from "No Country for Old Boys", unreleased.
Learned it on that singing show. Believe it yourself, make everyone else believe it and it WILL be better!! OK, one more time...jojo left his home in Tucson, Arizona...
Who are those plies?
Not much pick-up, but it is a much smoother ride
I dunno 'bout you Blackie, but they've got me over a barrel!
You are trying the new driverless horses too?
To hell with Facebook, I'd rather get splinters up my ass the old fashioned way.
We are making constant progress
On the count of three, we'll both let go of our hats, ok?
Hurry their gaining on us!
I can decide which is more ridiculous; the guy looking back to see if they've gained on him or the fact that nobody's using their gun to stop this madness from continuing.
I don't think this simulation is very instructive.
Time out! My hat won't stay on.
I think they're gaining!
I don't care how energy efficient they are!
it's not a hobby ... it's a business.
Better call Saul! or Trump's reenactment of Reagan's new right
We'll lose them in Carousel Canyon.
How in hell can they be gaining on us?
You'll never catch us, and we'll never get away!
That's right, Sam. We gonna rock it til the wheels fall off!
Take it easy! Everyone gets a trophy.
Go any faster, you'd be off your rocker!
This is getting to be a dangerous hobby.
Is this your idea of a Bronco chase?
Looks like they got fresh horses.
Wood you like a re-chase, my ass!
Say what you will about the merger Bill, it is expected to promote synergy.
You didn't shoot the deputy, and there were two of 'em!
They just don't make em' like they used to.
We didn't shoot the sheriff or the deputy!
OK guys, the Texas polls are closed now. It's time to campaign in the Rust Belt. Everyone put on the blue shirts!
Good work, fellas - my pedometer shows we've covered twenty-two miles since sunrise.
... and we would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for those meddling kids!
The past is never really the present; it just pretends to be. Some races aren't won at all.
This would be a hell of a lot more fun if it weren't for the splinters.
I told you President Trump would think we're losers and cut our funding
They'll never catch us at this rate!
For the last time -- we are not horse thieves!
It's okay, Butch - we'll lose 'em in the mountains!
We're losing them ... they're gaining ... we're losing them ... they're gaining ...
With any luck we'll lose 'em by nap time.
Come on. Let's give that Limey at the Dodge place something to write about.
Ain't we dun this capshin gag be-fer? Mebbe six time?
Face it! You'll NEVER catch us!
Hasta la vista
If you think you're catching up, think again, buddy boy.
There is no thrill in this chase!!!
They're catching up - Go, Billy, go!
Wait, they can afford to CG in the horses and they can't afford to pay us scale?
I said I'd fight you fair and square, Sheriff, budget cuts or no budget cuts.
Next week we go back to re-enacting the Civil War!
You rock, Dude!
Mr. Ed stars and produces. I'm SAG, but Filming the rodeo scene was still back breaking!
Looks like they figured out our weakness.
They're not gaining on us, but we're not losing them either.
I told you soft rock was so yesteryear.
Tension soars at the Golden Splinter Games
John, hurry up it looks like their horses are better trained.
Don't worry, there's a steep bit coming up.
I feel we may have interpreted "hold on to your hats" a little too literally.
Do you think they want us to pull over?
Law and Order:SWU (special western unit). "I think Dick Wolf may be running out of ideas."
Rock faster Hank! I think they're gaining on us.
'Tweren't us who done robbed the piggy bank!
Once I get to the merry-go-round you'll never catch me.
CR*P, my horse just broke a nail and I'm outta caps.
They told us this was going to be a big budget movie!
Yeeeeehaaaa suckers. You're never, ever goin' to catch us......ever.
Am I off my rocker or are they gaining on us?
Grown ups at child's play; just hobby horsin' around
They're gaining! Release the long-tailed cat!
Because we're a one-horse town, and he stole the horse!
Of course the Doc and me are in a hurry; my wife is in labor. I'll tell him about your hemorrhoids.
Although equally bizarre, the LAPD’s first low-speed pursuit of a white bronco received much less media attention.
I miss the good ol' days when men rode tricycles.
Hey Billy, what's that song about shootin' a sheriff?
Don't make me draw my squirt gun!
Hold onto your hat bucko. This is about to get real!
I dunno about you, Clyde, but I'm hankerin' fer a juice box.
We'll just wait out the statute of limitations.
We told you no nursery can hold us!
They're still back there, Bart, but they don't seem to be gaining on us.
We need fresh horses. Ride for the lumber yard.
You can't outrock the Law
They're gaining on us! *creak* *creak*
Billy the Kid feared he had robbed his last train set this time.
I don't believe they can fix this in post.
Sure hope these ponies are self driving.
I know you are but what am I Sheriff?
This ain't my first rodeo, Sheriff!!!!
No, I don't have change for a dollar!
I know about Newton's law too, but I'm telling you they are gaining on us.
Do you feel as silly as I do?
Sheriff Rocky's gainin' on us!
I love this posse simulator.
I said wood in whores, not wooden horse!
Y'all are gonna hafta rock faster than that!
The Toys"R"Us posse R gaining on Us.
Give up Sheriff, you'll never catch us cause our horses 'Rock'!
Hey Sheriff, we're gonna make a quick potty stop. O.K.?
Is it time to roll yet?
We will, We will Rock You.
quick, let's rock it!
Hurry up, Bart, they're gaining on us!
You've been playing this game too long, old man!
That's the last toy store I'll ever rob!
The GOP race.
Those squad horses have have 454's
If you think this is bad, try robbing a bank with a cap gun!
They call me Billy The Kid for a reason! Also, the ground is lava.
You know, these animal rights people are killing movie making.
Yee-haaa, we lost them.. they are already a good 6 feet behind
It was all fun and games until you boys rocked into town.
Jailbreak. You grabbed the wrong horses!
It was just a toy train robbery!
You're still it.
I'll be glad when this horses strike is over!
Which way to the Hall of Fame?
Jack, if were going to work through lunch I have to make a couple of calls.
Rock like the wind, Tex!
The chase isn't what it use to be.
We ain't playin', Sheriff!
OK! OK! We'll never steal from your corral again.
We're OK - they'll never catch us!
They're gainin' on us! We're home free! They're gain in' on us! We're home free!...
I bet Buzz Lightyear never has to deal with this.
Y'all got any Dramamine I can take before the next scene?
It's a bad carpenter who blames his tools, Leroy
Well I darn well AM trying to get outta' Dodge, dagummit!
On the bright side, it looks like the law has also gone carbon neutral.
Catch up. Rock harder!
Quick, Kid--to Hole in the Nursery!
Remind me -- are we the good guys or the bad guys?
I said let's go to the Rocky Mountains on those horses in the distance! Now we're on rocky horses with the mountains in the distance!
Look, just like I told you. Old guys rock.
I told you guys, we never heard of Rocking Horse Ranch.
You'll never catch the Big-Boy Gang!
You have until nap time, then it's over.
Recent crime wave rocking the west to its core.
Watch out, boys! This sheriff's off his rocker.
My horse is running as an Independent. What's yours?
My mom says you'll never catch us, flatfoot!
Let's head for Far Rockaway.
This is getting us nowhere!
And you said it'd be like taking candy from a baby.
Why don't you find another hobby!
Durn it! Ain't that the sheriff from Far Rockaway??
We must go nowhere FASTER!
It was either these or the Bouncy Castle.
Give up Sheriff, you'll never catch "The Kid".
Do we look as stupid as they look ?
I just hope the bad guys don't laugh too much.
We're not a-scared of you, Sheriff...we know them's only cap-guns.
I say we head for the Rockies.
They're getting closer, nope, farther away, closer
Those tax payer dollars ain't gettin' them anywhere!
No, I ain't feelin' grateful Facebook hasn't been invented yet.
I knew I shouldn't take the Bronco.
They're gaining on us Clem. Rock harder.
I thought you said they were off their rockers?
Half ass is better than no ass.
Yew can dew it put yer back intew it.
Those kids stole our horses, too.
The good news is that they don't seem to be catching up. The bad news is that I think my horse has a broken leg.
There must have been confusion when the wranglers were told Billy the Kid needed horses.
I think we can lose them at the merry-go-round or, with a little luck, the jungle gym.
Can't you go any faster?
This is a non-starter.
But sheriff, ain't we all guilty of arrested development?
You'll never catch us with just those plain old delegates.
I thought you said the sheriff was off his rocker!
Give it up, boys--We crossed into Mexico an hour ago.
Let's to the soda fountain.
1864, the year P.E.T.A was established.
Our big-shot Hollywood director lacks horse sense.
That's the last time we knock over a piggy bank.
When grown-ups wanted to be cowboys since they're kids.....
If that's really Woody Carr, then we're in trouble.
They're almost gaining on us.
I told you we should have gone for the pogo sticks!
They're gaining! They must have kids.
Time out! Saddle rash!
Get some wheels!
Giddy up before they knock us off our rockers!
Looks like they got theirs from Toys R Us also!
That's it! Now hold that expression; camera's about to come on.
I'm warnin' you, sheriff. We're both packin' squirt guns, and we're not afraid to use 'em.
I didn't steal the lunch money!
Its just not the same since we moved off the bio-fuel models
We may never catch you but you'll never get away!
We'll cut 'em off at the sandbox.
Howdy! Enjoying the new ethical rodeo?
I'm not off my rocker enough to rob a bank, Sheriff!
Sheriff, we've got you out horsed.
Rock on! Rock on! I guess I should have shot the sheriff AND the deputy.
If only someone would rock this election. There's only cowboys running for office this time around.
Dang! I thought the saddle splinters would slow those buckaroos down.
Sheriff Stache and Deputy Walsh chase rocking horse thieves out of town.
This is my last low budget film.
Give up, Sheriff! You'll never see me do the jailhouse rock!
They be gainin' on us, Zeke.
Careful, we're entering rock country.
You good guys always get the speedy horses.
Bad news, Butch. The law shops at the same store we just robbed.
When you said we'd escape on rockin' horses, I thought you meant that they were spirited.
No fair, my horse is winded.
Great, now they'll get us for speeding too
These horses never react to my spurs
Keep ridein', they'll soon tire of eatin' our sawdust.
I told you we shouldn't be toying with stealing horses.
Tonto, where are you when I need you?
But, glass half-full; we're definitely not getting caught either.
The kinder, gentler, not-so-Wild West, circa 2016...
I thought you said their horses were broke?
Dang it, they're still on our tails!
Is it just me, or do you also feel like less of a man since the budget cuts?
Wait till Dad finds out you've been greasing the runners with his hair cream again.
Hey, we're not the dirty varmints who recommended the new farrier.
Damn! It doesn't look good for becoming an aging rocker
The chase scene called for live horses.
I reckon they'll be on us by snack time.
Western Dada
If the horse is a rock'n, don't come knock'n!
Speed it up! Toys 'R Us security is gaining on us.
It's no good, Sundance. We are hoisted on our own rocking' petard.
Don't look now but they're right behind us.
Since when is it a crime not to shave?
No one is going to beat him unless you two drop out of the race!
I DEFINITELY need a new hobby!
I'm parched. Reckon we have time for a whiskey before the girls are finished with spin class?
These blankety blank dreams are mighty hard on the knees!
Isn't rocking horse thievery just a misdemeanor?
Not so fast!
Hurry! They've gained a millimeter on us!
Rock faster Jose, the Sherriff just turned on his Stetson Cam.
You go ahead, I'll hold them off.
Just keep ridin' pardner...they'll never catch us!
"Arrest" sounds good right about now!
Stop singing that dang lullaby.
I think this ranch is a little too dudie for me.
Horsepower am I right?
Let's find new hobbies.
Curse these budget cuts…
No were not robbers. we're Rockin' Robin ...tweet ,tweet,tweet
You can rock, but you can't hide from the law
It's been five hours, Sheriff. Give it up already!
We're rocking, but we're not rolling.
Hey pardner, we're still coverin' more ground than Congress!
Wake up, dear, you’re rocking the bed again.
Last time I'll rob a daycare center.
Faster, Dusty, they're gainin' on us!
Don't you know white hats when you see them?
Well, you said it Joe. This long horn market sucks.
Make America Giddy Up again!
Hey Dude, this is the stupidest 'cartoon caption contest' ever! I've been waiting for years to get here and this is the one I get!
This is no time for your "wimp/neigh neigh" puns!"
Yes, times are tough, and we're only professional horse thieves, but shouldn't our ethics have some floor?
All we have to do is stay out of the range of their cap pistols.
We finally made it out of the house! Let's go get our sleep.
Heck, sheriff, can't you tell we ain't them horse thieves?!
Come on Pete the Cops are after us. Police:You have the right to remain silent. If you do say anything, it can be used against you in a court of law.You have the right to have a lawyer present during any questioning.
Hey, Walt, he referred to my hat size! I guarantee there's no problem. I guarantee it!
Don't slow down now He needs our Vote to make The West Wild Wild again !
We'll lose them at nap time.
We had a smaller budget than Tarantino for this one.
I think next year we should splurge for a real dude ranch.
Sheriff, I wonder if that's them rich Rockin'feller's we keep hearing so much about....
I'm beginning to think only the screen behind us is moving...
"you can't catch us. We're Pancho and Lefty.
Badges,badges,wedon'tneednostinkingbadges.
Dang it, Curly - they're gainin' on us! I told you we needed the ones with wheels.
If you think I'm your man, you're plum off your rocker!!
It'll be nightfall before you even get close to catching up!
Looks like everyone's been hit by the budget cuts.
This is some neighborhood watch !!
I swear I ordered horses for the Rockies.
Stop! Or we will, we will, rock you.
It's Woody Earp and Doc Woodson on they are riding some pine horses!
Not so fast, The Rocking Horse Winner hasn't even been written yet.
Hope there are some Steaks left...
Get a real horse!
Y'all don't seem to be gainin' on us.
You misheard me friend. I said,"We AREN'T looking for trouble."
Don’t rob the Rocking-Horse Café.
Just make sure you crop the bottom a bit before you post it.
Okay Sheriff, we'll see who's the fastest hat raiser in the West.
The cartoonist is treating us like children!
What is the damn hurry, we got nowhere to go!
This made more sense when we were kids.
I think we can slow down. They don't appear to be gaining.
Groupon?
This must be a dream. I already got away!
When horses walked the earth, cowboys were respected!
We need more nickels!
The designer thought that rear-ends are overrated.
Faster! I think their gaining on us.
Bein' an outlaw just ain't the same since the west went carbon neutral.
Man, you ROCK!
Hey quick draw, your gun's fake too!
Mom says I get to be Sheriff after our nap.
Somehow it don't seem so wild anymore.
Now I know why all the photos in the brochure were from the waist up.
Consarnit! This ain't horseplay anymore.
Do these vehicles qualify for the car pool lane?
We would have covered more ground if these horses were Trojan.
I wouldn't give a wooden nickel for these mustangs.
Hurry up, they are gaining on us!
Speeding? You think we're speeding?
I see the marshmallow pies!
Dad told me I'd never get anywhere in a rock band.
Sheriff, these new models are all giddy up and no go!
I think we should splinter up.
We'll fix it in post.
I'm a Republican. Are you a Democrat?
life is slow.
Nah, nah, nah-nah, nah, you can't catch me!
Okay,Wooden Wild Bill, you're gonna learn to dance.
I told you we'd never reach the sunset in time!
ah hell, davis, how'd they know we stole their horses
Sweep up my dust!
Damn Frank, these are last year model!
We swapped hats. No backsies.
hurry up, their rocking faster
You'll never take me to time-out alive!
Johnson, Cancel "Take your Daughter's Horse to Work" Day next year!
Let's split up and meet at the dollhouse.
Aw shucks sheriff, ain't it nap time yet?
I thought you were off your rocker !
City Slickers this ain't!
You guys can't keep rock in' forever!
I told you being a cowboy isn't a hobby!
I said to get us some BAY stallions, Clem, not EBAY stallions!
Billy the Kid's got nothin' on us!
On your left!
Get off your not so high hobby horse.
Ya know, I've always sympathized with the Stable Workers Union, but this strike has got to end soon!
I'm guessing the posse's still a day or two behind us.
Last time I'm rustling a toy shop.
Quit horsing around!
Billy, The Kid......and who are you?
You don't rock!
No, I won't trade horses with you.
What happens if your hat comes off?
A horse, a horse, my trailer for a horse!
The time slip in 40 years ago.......
Breaking News: Trump campaign offers live demonstration of increased border security plan.
I'll be damned, Mel. There IS a quantum state for every possible world!
Are you off your rocker? They went this-a-way!
These horses just don't rock like they used to. Fortunately for us, neither do theirs.
This is just a hobby.
I think we lost them, and their stationary bikes.
The good thing is, they can't move. The bad thing is, we can't either.
We've never even heard of Human Growth Hormone!
No chance, Sheriff! I got this honey at F.A.O. Schwartz!
This ain't no game son. Give up before some one gets hurt.
"Well, I'll be damned... that's old Dan Morgan. We went to pre-school together.
Dangit,Jeb,horse stealing is not for us !!
Dagnabit! We been ridin fer days and we ain't lost em yet?
No more kids theatre, okay?
I think they're gaining on us, wait -- maybe not...
I've got an idea. Let's go on foot.
Rock on, Jim, they're a'gainin' on us!
Keep 'em a rockin'. They ain't gaining on us.
Dang! They ain't no hobbyists, fer sure!
Now I see why my mother told me to be a doctor, lawyer, or such.
You think those animal rights protesters will let us start rolling the film again?
The Good, the Bad, and the Incapacitated
Faster Clyde, we'll soon be in range of their water guns.
Quick, Clem, download the Giddy App.
I can't believe they're gaining on us. I stole this horse from a one percenter!
My rocker goes 3mph, you can't catch up to THAT!
Who are those guys, Butch?
This is the best birthday party ever. Can we have the cake now Dad?
This dude ranch rocks!
Dang! We should've stolen the hobby horses!
But the green screen makes the movies safer for the actors.
You know, going green has effected our arrest record.
What? Your horse eats hay?
Gallop, pal!
Would this be an awkward time to mention that these are also toy guns?
No wonder they're catching us. They've been rockin' around the clock!
So, they ate some beans... They're good for the heart. Get over it!
Come on, sheriff. Hoss stealing from a toy store don't call for hanging.
Dang! We shoulda stole the Hot Wheels.
Dang it, Larry, I sure wish they'd hurry up an' invent the tricycle.
It's been thirty years. Maybe it's time to give up the chase.
Trump's gaining, you idiot!
Rock faster, the Sheriffs are gaining on us.
They're gaining. Better put a little more hopper in your rocker.
If we continue at this speed, they’ll never catch us.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Watch they don't try to cut us off at the pass.
Same old story after robbing a piggy bank.
If we keep at this pace for a few more hours I'm sure the two of us will maintain a stable distance.
Yeah, PETA's very convincing
They're gaining... We're gaining... They're gaining... We're gaining...
Tell me again how Reagan would have totally pulled this off ...
Why are you guys going slow, were on rocking horses !
I thought we were going to get "stock" horses.
Where is my turbo charged horse power?
Mamas who let their Cowboys grow up to be babies.
Pull over Partner, I'll rock your world!
Don't worry, Slim. They're still three feet behind us.
Do not confuse motion and progress sheriff.
We may be going nowhere fast but their gaining on us!
Cut their recess the superintendent said. The kids will be fine he said.
How can they be gaining on us? At least, we have "rocking-good" horses.
I told you we should've gone with the balsa.
Damn TSA!
Hey sheriff, fyi, the Pi ratio of our rocking horses is identical, so it's virtually impossible for you to ever catch us.
I can't help it...I already gave him 2 pounds of Beano!!
Spinning ain't nothin', Slick. It's Rocking you want for betterin' that cowboy butt o' yourn.
They're closing in. We are gaining on them. they're closing in. We are gaining on them. They're closing in. We are gaining on them.
And they said Rocky #1, #2, #3 and #4 were too wild to ride!
I told ya we shouldn't of robbed a bank in that dang one horse town!
If you think your old Oak can catch my Maple, you're wrong Sheriff!
Come on guys, this is no country for old men.
These emergency preparedness drills just don't come close to the real deal Hank !
Told you we should've taken an Uber!
mine is giving me splinters,break out the sandpaper NOW!
You got a Dramamine I could bum off you?
This is the last time we let a five year old write the script!
We're tryin' to get out of Dodge, Sheriff, we're tryin'!!"
For the 99th time, who are those guys?
Yea, man, I am all about drugs, sex and rock.
Who's idea was it to rustle the day care center!?
You can't catch us. As Einstein said, time and space are relative.
"Last one is a 'romper' poke.
Steed Will Rock You
"Faster! The Balloon Cattle are stampeding!
Don't care what you think, sheriff, we'll take our nap when we're darn tootin' ready.
Remember my name sheriff -- I'm F.A.O. Schwarz, baddest toy rustler in the West.
They're rocking on us.
Does this hat make my butt look big?
Head for the Rockies!
PETA went after you guys too?
We'll lose 'em in that Toys 'R' Us.
Dad, would this be the last year we do this game. I am realizing that they will never get close. I am now believing you love this more than I do. Besides, his son is taking it a bit serious.
We should have gone with the hobby horse.
Hurry, they're closing on us
The Not So Wild West.
Posse? I thought he said something else.
Rock on, dammit!
"Man, those cats are really rockin," they're really rockin'"...
Man 'O War! What do you care Sheriff?
guys, why aren't we moving?
I'd rather die than go back to the playpen.
Faster, Garrett, we're about to get him!
The poor economy is effecting everybody!
Are you SURE Clint Eastwood started this way?
I'm Billy The Kid ...who are you?
These vintage spin classes rock!
We'll lose them at the day care center!
Giddy up, boys. We have a convention to broker.
Giddy up! It's almost nap time.
Wake up. It's a dream. You're not 5-yars-old
You were right, Matt, Colorado is a lot of fun!
And that, my son, is how the Rockies got their name. Now, go to bed!
If you think you can catch us, you're off your rocker!
Ride hard Pardner... the Law is closin fast on those Balsa Wood Ponies !!
Geeze, Hobby Lobby is on our tails!
The four horsemen of the cowboy trips.
Believe!
If we shoot at 'em from this here distance…we can't hardly miss 'em!
Faster, Jeb! I don't want to end up sittin' in the corner!
Faster! We have rock stars following us!
Wooden simulators give freshman at Pony Express school a taste of actual trail blazing.
Them two rag dolls and fifty head of teddy bear was practically asking to be rustled.
Mom says we have to be home in time for dinner.
Dagnabit, Earl, that Don Knotts schtick is on my last nerve!
I said "rocket," not "rock it."
Something tells me they're headed for The Rocking J.
Rock it cowboy, rock it cowboy
You're off your rocker if you think you're ever going to catch us.
Get off your high horse
Who the hell thought up this stupid cartoon?
Can't we just shoot it out and call it a day?
We're shakin' 'em, alright.
Geez, Sheriff, all we done was rustle a goldurn teddybear!
The posse's gaining on us, pard! Put another quarter in the slot.
Giddy up their ganging up on us keep on rocking.
Do you know any hat whisperers?
Back off - I have two BBs with your names on them.
I told you we should wait until the glue dries.
I told you we should have ridden the stick horses.
They're still toying with us, Ned. I say we make a run for it.
No, you sing rock a bye baby!
There seems to be a lot of back-and-forth going on here.
They're closing in, Silas! Mommy better get here pretty soon!
The Phony Express will never catch us.
This is the second-time we've passed 'em. Who are those guys?
Does this horse make me look funny?
We're darn lucky they don't have the long arm of the law.
These may be horses, but all I see is four jackasses.
Rock faster, Doc, they're gaining on us!
Western Rock and Roll.
One more move and I'll rock!
This isn't what I had in mind when they asked if we liked to play the horses.
This is less rockin' than I thought it'd be.
" ?? I caught a good one, he looked like he could run ??"... You know this ain't going like Marty Robbins said it would.
I told you we should have used more termites!
It feels like they're toying with us
Isn't there a law against tailgating?
You're all hat, no horse!
Dang, if only these horses actually moved.
Running on grass would've been easier on the horses.
I told you the director was too young for a remake of "Once Upon a Time in the West".
I thought they now had cameras installed in their horses.
Yeah, Jake, they rock, but please stop saying that.
Heard on a movie set: "It looks dumb without a screen to hide the horses legs"
Honest sheriff, I wasn't giving you 'the finger.' I was just testing the wind!
Billy The Kid my ass... we ain't makin' that 3:10 to Yuma.
Let's get moving or they will cut us off at the pass.
Hey, Sheriff! Eat my sawdust!!
Darn you lefties, can't a man make a honest livin' robbin' banks?
On the upside, they're not gaining on us.
Ye' cowboys can't go around stealin' rockin' horses!
. . . and they wonder why they call me Billy the Kid!
On to the Hard Rock.
You've probably never rocked this hard in your life, have you Sheriff.
Hobbie faster, there gaining on us
Oh, what I'd give for a stick horse right now.
The guy was right. These horses never get tired!
Great form, Dave! This new horse yoga sure beats hot yoga don't you think?
It was just a toy store, sheriff!
So, was this your idea of horseplay?
I hope you enjoy the thrill of the chase...this could go on for a while!
Don't look now but your wife is posting this to instagram
It said in the ad that they were rocking horses. I didn't know they meant it literally.
I give up! I gotta blister on my butt.
They've been on our tail for several hours now!
Want to take an ice cream break?
The bad news is it's a Western. The good news is PETA is happy.
When did the fuzz get that kind of horsepower?
"Great move Sundance. How are we gonna get out of this one?
Focus and stop horsing around.
They're a gainin'--and all my revolver does is make clicking noises.
Watch out, they're gaining on us.
The Rocking Horse Winner - The Western
Darned lawmen are gonna drive me off my rocker!
Intermediate Wild Wild West was full.
Quit rocking the sharif is after us
Talk about rock bottom. It'll be a crime if this movie makes it to DVD.
I told you the market was trading sideways!
Let's rock 'n roll!
Yoh! "Establishment" on the horse with a wooden d...: You're rockin' to the wrong beat!
Those animal cruelty people are killing our image.
Dagnab it—left my binkie at the gulch!
These are twice as fast as your 1 horse-power limo.
Sheriff, I'm not an outlaw -- this is just a hobby.
Tarnation! If ya don't skedaddle outta here now, we ain't got a dern chance for a brokered convention.
Keep your hats on; this gon' be a long ride.
Yeah , those hybrids HAVE improved their acceleration !
Dagnabbit, John, I told you we shoulda let 'em rest longer!
Forget the speed limit––she has a mind of her own.
Do you have your rocker's license?
Once they cross the border we'll have to turn back if we can figure out how.
You've got us between a rock and a hard place.
If we don't hurry, they could catch us before nap-time.
These Sabbath horses don't go anywhere!
Hurry Up Tonto, We Have To Ketch These Two Bandits.
First one to the swing set wins.
Head for Termite Canyon! It's our last chance!
Hey, we were just a-drinkin' sarsaparilla!
Them lawmen got no right to be that cute.
OK, Clem, I reckon it's time we start to rock 'n roll!
It's the BLM! Rock on!
Rule number one, Sheriff: Don't hold onto your hat with your gun hand.
They're bringing guns to a knife fight!
Keep rocking, you may catch us eventually
Remember, these have to be back before the kids get home from school.
So how was I to know they have a Rocking Equestrian Special Forces Unit?
Just like the good young times
Pardon me sherriff. We had beans for breakfast.
When we get to town, we'll get fresh horses at the carousal.
They're gaining on us! Let's see if we can lose them in the jungle gym.
"Next, we're going to practice yelling "Hee Haw!".
Isn't blue screen great?
Rats! Another speeding ticket!
Hurry Sherriff! They're rocking away!
Wow, there horses really rock!
This is the last no-budget Western I ever do.
Playtime's over, sheriff!
You'll never catch 'The Kid'!
This ain't no Jailhouse Rocker!
What is it about white Broncos?!
RIDE,RIDE, the snail is gaining on the outside.
This is the last time we rob the PETA payroll!
Can't these horses move any faster!
No matter where you go No matter what you do I'll make it a point To rock harder than you
"we'er really rock'in now''
We told you in El Paso you'll never take us alive!
Boy! The animal rights campaign sure has hit Hollywood!
Whatever happens I'm not going back to serve another time-out.
Faster! The non-white non-males are about to catch up!
We should have hopped on those paper airplanes.
Sheriff! At this rate the film with never end!
I have a great idea for the next "Toy Story" sequel.
Looks like we may be okay. The Law is still horsing around.
You're right. We shoulda taken the trikes.
The pretty, colored ones, too?
Their guns are toys also.
I savvyin' why you call your Rockefeller!
Not so good for travel, but they'll be great for the campfire!
These chases just aren't the same since PETA took over the studio!
Shenanigans!
I must have been off my rocker. I never should have entrusted a PETA member with rounding up the horses for our escape.
You'll never catch us before your nap time!
Perhaps good never prevails over evil.
If we go down we're going down low carbon footprint style
Rentals always have a s#$% ride.
You won't catch me before sundown.
Next stop is Rocking Horse Ranch.
You can rock all you want ... but 'so what' if you can't roll!
This is childish!!
You think we should walk?
I'm in the concussion protocol, too.
You'll never beat The Kid at his own game!
But in my dream we got away.
We're from the Italian school...!
First time at the Vegan Dude Ranch?
Sheriff, we've been riden out here all day and can't seem to get anywhere!
Hurry! I think they're gaining on us....
When the West was really young.
Hi ho, Sliver is more like it--how'd you talk me into this?
Cookies and lemonade at my house. Last one there's a rotten egg!
Hobby, my ass! The race is to the he who rocks fastest.
We’re getting nowhere fast!!!
Dang it all! How could I know they'd put some hard rockers on our tail?
Faster....they're gettin' close to pop-gun range!
We're in trouble Black Bart; they're ridin' Amish ponies.
Don't worry, CGI will fix this.
Don't worry, they're carrying toy guns.
They aren't fast, but cheap to maintain
Darn these hybrids, no acceleration they are gaining on us!
Speed it up. Looks like they're headed straight for Magic Mountain.
I wish to hell these weren't toy guns!
Relax sheriff, I can see the rocking horse ranch just ahead.
All we was doin' was rockin' and a-boppin' and singin' a song.
Catch us if you can, losers" or "My last time working in a low-budget movie
This is all my parents' fault. I asked for a "real" pony for my birthday.
Trying to perfect riding the horsey is hard, so keep it up boys!
Just for fun for last contest - Aladdin's class is upstairs on the roof.
There's two of us! Let's double back!
Don't worry, we'll loose 'em at the jungle gym.
Next bank robbery we're using the getaway car!
They're really rockin' it!
I told you we shouldn't have robbed a choo-choo.
Rock, Dusty, rock!
Hah! What do you know how the West was won?
Scoot boys! Before the shadows catch us!
You'll never take us alive
Forget it, Sheriff! Our super-charged wood filler is about to kick in.
Thee horses really rock!
Rock harder! They're gaining.
Not even the Coen brothers can save this film.
PETA really killed these reenactments.
After dad retired I should have never given him rocking horse plans.
They're gaining! ... Time for 'Whap Speed'!
If we can just make it to Toys"R"Us, we can get us a couple of fresh steeds.
Sure, it all seems bogus - until you check out the numbers on your Fitbit.
I knew it was a bad idea to let horses into the Actors Guild.
Enough of this horseplay.
I said, GOOD DAY sir!
Rock faster - sheriff's a gaining on us.
...and the horse you came in on, too!
We'll be safe if we can make it to the bouncy house!
Just 10 more minutes and we can head to the saloon for a smoothie.
Some things just never make sense.
You're off your rocker, cowboy, if you still think the outcome of this race is a horse apiece!
They're beginning to get on my nerves. Who are those guys?
I'm ready for my warm milk and blankey.
I'm glad we ditched the wagon.
As deputies, if we rock around the clock, we'll expect overtime.
Don't get me wrong, the SPCA does great things but this is ridiculous!
Well guess who just rocked up!
Stay back or I’ll use my water gun.
Grow up!
Where'd ja get YOUR Tesla horse?
Rock faster! They're not gaining on us, but we're still not losing them.
We need to find a different hobby!
Mr. Trump! The Republican Mainstream is still after us!
You'll never catch us alive!" "Shut up and rock, Wayne.
Don't book a dude ranch vacation on the Disney Channel
I told you we shouldn't have stolen their horses.
Your cap gun shootin' ain't so good either, Sheriff!
Faster, Dakota's on our tail!
If you want to find happiness you need not be in a hurry.
I told you to put on your spurs!
It’s not THAT white Bronco!
These are Rockers -- I thought you said "Texas Rangers"
Who are those guys, anyway?
These new PETA guidelines don't bode well for the TV western.
We'll cut them off at Toys R Us
I think the Sheriff is going off his rocker!
You'll never catch me on that ol' rocker!
Can you please stop trying to sing the music from "the Good the Bad and the Ugly". It sounds so whiney.
Careful, Sheriff, I hear the airbags are killers on these things.
Guess we know who is the faster most carbon neutral!
Hey partner, too bad the long arm of the law isn't a couple inches longer.
How dare you suggest he's been eating Miracle-Gro!
*No animals were harmed in the making of this cartoon
Darren, this is not what I meant when I asked you to sign us up for the School of Rock!
What are the chances they are carrying toy pop guns?
You not going no where riding that toy.
This cowboy training camp isn't what I expected.
He's on a Balsa-loosa pony! We don't stand a chance!
when the horses go on strike
Hurry! Gepetto's ranch is just over that ridge!
You'll literally never catch us, sheriff!
Guess it's time to find a new hobby.
We are on a budget... OK!
'Yer pop gun loaded, pard?'
You are lucky I can't shoot while holding on to my hat.
No animals will be harmed in the making of this film.
Quick, get out the Lincoln Logs and build a wall. And make them pay for it.
Sometimes you have to pretend to embody the role of past generations to understand what and how it was like to get a better understanding of the problems they faced.
You are not going any were
Pardner, this old hoss caint go no faster
We don't read no stinkin D.H.Lawrence.
I don't think that's the same guys who invited us to their LinkedIn network.
When we get to the saloon, juice boxes are on me.
Hah! Rock on Dudes!
Act like your hurrying. They think they're catching up!
Hold on to your hats ! The Rock & Roll horses are off ....! P.S. Why aren't they "moving their asses ? "
Good old federales say, they could have had him any day; but they just let him rock away--out of kindness, I suppose...
You'll never catch us, Rockers!
Don't ask me how, but they're gaining on us.
Endless Pursuit of Justice
I knew we should't have robbed that toy train!
Hurry Slim, they're gaining on us!
Bareback was a mistake. I got a splinter.
What in tarnation! Was that a speed trap?
"I knew we shouldn't have rustled horses named 'Ol' Splinter' and 'Woodie' ".
Dang! We'll never outrun Barbie's Country Camper!
Remind me to donate to an election campaign that backs strict constructionism. Only a sheriff that’s a judicial activist would broaden horse theft to include all horses. But you gotta admire them for living their principles.
You said the law was just a hobby!
No seriously, you'll never catch us.
Watch your back! This is an open-carry race.
Just follow your GPS!
It's called the third mid-life crisis
Faster, sheriff! We can't let Hopalong Cassidy get away from us.
It's no use Sheriff, we bought the turbo upgrade.
We gotta turn back, sheriff -- the bandits spread termites ahead!
Well Jesse, it doesn't look like they're gainin' on us.
Sorry fellas, we need to take both of you in. You don't have health insurance.
You sure they ain't gaining on us??
Presenting the new Volkswagen Rocker: One horsepower, zero emissions.
They must be using rug trained horses.
I think we can outrock them.
Stalemate?
No animals were harmed in the making of this movie.
Don't even bother trying to catch up, my horse rocks!
I hope this looks better in post-production.
Them varmints are gonna catch us before nap time.
They're catching up. Rock faster.
Give up already, Kasich...it's a two-horse race now!
Rock, Billy, rock! They're gaining on us!
I'm warning you. I've got a rocking-horse cam!
Shouldn't you be after the horse thieves with the twisted sense of humor?
I know I promised the real deal but my new client is in animal rights. I'll let you win if that helps.
You draw on me, I'll have to erase you!
Do you still think the invention of sliced bread was the best one ever?
You may catch us, Sheriff, but you'll never find our play money loot!
Quick! Before they head us off at the Candyland Pass!
This is what happens when we let horses join the Screen Actors Guild.
Not sure I'm liking all these new theme fitness centers
They're toy pistols, too! First they took away our guns . . .
Do you guys actually think you can catch us on those things?
You'll never catch us! We used Jamaican Cocobolo wood!
I told you, Sheriff, you'll never catch us.
Zeno says you'll never catch us.
I ain't a-goin' back to no time out, Sheriff!
You think you rock, but you're behind the times.
That was the wrong piggy bank to rob.
P.E.T.A. ruins everything.
Hobb Along Cassidy is still on our tail!
It's only rock and roll, but I like it!
Hey, didn't you hear the director yell, 'Whoa!'?
I thought you said your hobby was horses not vice versa.
Now that gas is $2 again, can't be go back to car chases?
Actually, I hope they catch us soon. These splinters are killing me.
Back off, sheriff, or we walk.
One man's hobby is another's obsession, marshal.
Rock harder, they're right on our tail!
Oh, yeah, we're rockin' along, but I'm afeared of the dark horse back yonder.
I can't believe this is how the west will be won!
This is what happens when I rob a piggy bank.
Slow down
You'll never catch us at the merry-go-round!
I wish you were a real horse! I wish you were a real horse! I wish you were a real horse!
Do you have any Dramamine? This rocking is making me seasick.
Ya'll know you're never goin catch us
My kid was right, they take horse theft seriously out here.
You'll never take me alive, or my name ain't Billy the Kid!
And they're off and rocking!
Catch me or not, I ain't nappin!
Steady there, Pardner! When I said you must be off your rocker, I was speaking metaphorically!
And I'll beat you in the seesaw competition as well.
I asked for horses for the Rockies!
I'm not sure these horses are worth the low carbon footprint!
That dang horse's strike is gonna mean the end for us!
Looks like we're caught between a rock and a hard pace.
We never robbed no piggy bank.
Warp rock it partner, they're gaining on us.
Let's ROCK, Charley!
Let's hope that gun came from the same place as these horses.
They Just Asked Me If I Had A Hobby !
That wall that guys been talking about, I sure hope it's been built!
I reckon at this rate the heat will get us before the law does.
Keep hobbling they are gaining on us.
Dagnabit, Donald, them real Republicans are getting serious !!
Dang Tex, the sheriff shares our hobby for horsin around.
You’ll never catch me, coppa – crime does pay!
Dang! they got 'em too...
Chasing freedom, but going no where.
Dang! We just cant shake these guys!
What's the mileage on these things?
They're gaining ground on us. Maybe we should get off and walk.
"Rock on, but my new model rocks faster".
Cowboys matter
There a might ways back, but gaining. Put the spurs to her before they overtake us.
Quick, hand me the termites.
Guess the 'Rock'nRoll' era aint done yet eh?
You'll never catch us once we get ethics board approval for the use of live animals!
I told you we should have gone for the tricycles.
A well regulated militia meets a police force which does not abuse its power.
We'll never pay for scuffing up your hardwood floors! Never!
You can run, but we know you boys were behind The Great Toy Train Robbery.
GIDDY UP Buttercup!
Is Hillary ahead or behind?
This way guys, we can head them off at the pass. And if we hurry we can be back before nap time.
Taking a cue from Prius TV Commercials - - so goes a Rocking Horse Company.
Rock faster--those ain't toy guns.
No fair! You got a head start!
Whoopie ti yi yo kemosabe, who's got the dramamine?
Head them off at the sandbox
Whose idea was the budget dude ranch?
This is like the senate.
Splinter formation.
Rock-a-Bye, Baby!
We should've robbed a car dealer instead of a toy store.
I think we hit the wrong app!
Ok partner...he gaining on us! But he left handed so he can't shoot unless he want to loose his hat!
Mick did say wild horses couldn't drag you away.
I wear a an extra large. This must be your small hat.
Being a desperado is mighty tough since PETA came to town.
My mom wants to know if we want to have lunch after.
We need to speak to our union rep about this.
The crappiest cowboy dream I ever had
Hey Butch, who are those guys? They really rock.
Rash cam video don't lie
We're crazy; we must be off ..er... on our rockers.
It was just a piggy bank!
That's it- cocktail time!
We should be right about this same spot come nightfall.
Dang ASPCA...
Doing zero is speeding in this county?
We robbed a toy store. What's your excuse?
I thought you meant Butch and Sundance, not Holly Hobby !?!
Which one of you brought the juice boxes?
Hope you got some fresh caps in that gun of yours, Sheriff.
Dang these low budget movies!
I thought when you said, 'Draw,' you meant you wanted to borrow my crayons!
Hey, come back with those arcade tickets!
It's a lifestyle, not a hobby." "It's a lifestyle, not a hobby.
Drop-out. I'm the only one who can beat him.
Keep rockin! If we can stay ahead until sundown, we can lose them when it gets dark!
And the race continues, bad against good.
I just don't understand how they are staying up with us, we ride like the wind.
You'll never catch us. We have a head start.
What's worse, getting caught or having a splinter in my ass?
It's almost sundown and we still haven't left!
We’ve gotta keep it up until the Convention! We’ll get Merry-Go-Round horses there.
You'll never, never catch me dead or alive.
Not in D.H. Lawrence's wildest imaginings.
Keep on-a-rockin', Billie ! The Sheriff's posse is gainin' on us !
I hope their guns are fake too.
Stop or I'll get off and run after you.
Hi ho, Cedar! Away!
Trotters can't gallop! I'm tellin' Mom!
As I figure it, at this pace they'll never catch us.
Hey Jake, weren't we here as kids?
The animal rights people are killing the West.
Damn! We’ve got cigar store indians at our heels, too!
This race rocks.
We just have to make it to Banbury Cross.
It all depends on the wax you use.
This dang wind sure is slowing us down!
Giddy Up? You try Giddying Up.
Vamoose lawman, or I will rock you hard!
Don't you dare take out that marshmallow gun!
Wait - Billy's NOT a kid?
But I didn't shoot the deputy!
TAKE TWO: Gentlemen, Try too make it look a little more realistic this time.
They're gainin' on us, Tex ... but real slowly.
No animals were harmed in the drawing of this cartoon
Rock on, dude, they're shredding the lead!
Darney, hardy, I told ya we should've got the live ones!
I'm sure glad mom bought us those extra caps.
You'll never catch me alive, but but even if you did I'm not a resident of the United States, Canada (except Quebec), Australia, the United Kingdom, or the Republic of Ireland age eighteen or older"
I think we're losing 'em. Geppetto said our horses would be faster than theirs.
These horses can go forever, sheriff. Why don't we take a break and start up again in the morning.
You'll never catch me, but but even if you did I'm not a resident of the United States, Canada (except Quebec), Australia, the United Kingdom, or the Republic of Ireland age eighteen or older.
The good news is, they only have cap guns...
Don't worry. They're urban cowboys too.
This ain't real, pardner. Just rememberin' my childhood.
Rock faster! I hear banjos.
I thought these horses were too easy to rope!
Most rear end collisions are caused by the vehicle in back following too closely.
No wonder these damn things were recalled.
We need less rock and more roll.
You'll never rock in this town again.
I won't do hard time-out again, Sheriff!
Go faster. It's the ''Hobby Lobby.
I think De Blasio has taken this horse thing too far
Why don't you just give up? You'll never catch us.
Holding onto our hats sure does add to the illusion of forward movement!
You're going nowhere!
Head towards the WD40.
Now I wish I had opted for the turbo feature.
This is sure better than the horses at Walmart, these don't take any quarters...
Rock faster, they're gainin' on us! Or... maybe they ain't.
Calm down, Sheriff! It's just a hobby!
There's a wicked pebble up ahead.
They're gainin' on us!...We're losin' 'em!...They're gainin' on us!...We're losin' em!...They're gainin' on us!...
You'll never catch us riding those nags!
Counter intuitively, they're gain' on us.
Wait! You're ISIS too?!
Law Enforcement in Washington DC
I've got a squirt gun and I'm not afraid to use it!
...and for your information, sometimes a bandanna is just a bandanna!
Next year let's recreate dogs playing poker. My groin hurts fellas.
All this back and forth is getting us nowhere!
Yippee, Yi, Yo, Kai, Yay! The Rocking Horse Bandits ride again!
Rocking-Horse Loser!
This is ridiculous...I don't even have a gun!
I think these animal cruelty laws are going to far!
I can't tell which is more ridiculous; the guy looking back to see if the sheriff is gaining on them, or the sheriff who hasn't figured out his gun could put an end to this perpetual insanity.
Nyah –you’re hobby hobbled by our Right to Fair Play– as We the People see it.
I'm rockin' as fast as I can.
detour ahead
I sure hope this scene looks better in post-production.
This is the last low-budget Western I'll work on.
Boy! You guys really rock!
Before the west became wild.
Thanks for agreeing to be the posse in my daughter's school play!
Rock faster bart, they're gainin' on us.
Treatin' the horses like playthings ain't gonna git us nowheres.
Seriously. You don't get that you're not taking me in?
At this rate, we're never going to get ahead
It's a bottom line studio thing. We'll use live horses for the long shots"
Let's just surrender. I'm gettin' too old for this.
First who rocks 500 times wins.
These animal rights people just don't understand Hollywood!
We gotta hurry ! Our two-year-olds are after us !
Must have fresher horses - they're gainin' on us.
Get along little Dougie.
If this is how delegates are won, we won't have a base to rock on.
YeeeHaaa! They ain't gaining on us but dang this is fun.
Mind if we pull over for a potty break?
At least it's better than riding a camel in the desert.
Dang it - I ain't never rustling ponies from the Rockin' H again!
Nyah Nyah Nyah Nyah Nyah
It’s no use — the Law’s got cross-country ski horses too!
I'm glad it's just a hobby with you guys.
Forget nap time, they're only about an hour behind
Any you guys got any Beano?
Yes, I am going to win the teddy bear.
Howdy fella Trumpster. You a racist...I mean a racin' to the rally too?
Just don't get it, do you, Sheriff?
Hurry guys ....... I heard Trump lost Ohio!
Come on, we've got to rock this race!
We shouldn't have bought our horses at Hobby Lobby.
This is not a rat race. Get off your high horse
Seems like a good time to sing "Rockin' in the free world" doesn't it!!
Let's cut to the chase.
And this is what we get for making train robbery a hobby.
Our exit polls show you'll never catch up.
Hurry! We need to shift out of rock and into roll.
Is it just me or is there something Sisyphean about this?
They're gaining on us Butch. I say we got another week.
Rock on, losers!
I swear they keep changing the speed limits around here.
Damn equine epidemic !
No more donut store robberies.
Yee-Haw my foot. Quit following us.
Looks like we took up the wrong hobby, partner.
They may be relentless, but at least they're not gaining on us.
You told us that this Oculus Rift experience would rock on a Mac.
We need a bigger budget!
George are you sure these horses you stole are pure-bread?
Rock n' Roll, boys!
Yeehaw, we're beatin' a dead horse!
I can't wait for the Iron Horse age!
Best kindergarten reunion ever!!!
You just playin' with us?
You'll never catch up to us before nap time!
Nyah, nyah, nyah, you can't catch me.
I think we're losing it. Mentally, thatis.
Keep ridin'! If they catch us we're in for a good spankin'!
Monkey see, monkey do, eh Sheriff? Well, two can play that game.
When they said he was a young Director, I guess they meant it.
Can't we settle our differences like adults?
Turn up the metronome Jake, they's gaining on us.
Looks like you two got a hitch in yer giddyap.
Hey! Isn't there something rather Freudian about this?
We've got to pick it up.
This must be more funny. This must be more funny.
Quick Billy, the Sheriff is on a Fisher Price!
I thought my agent said the film would be a Fockers sequel.
Next time, let's pay for a better dude ranch.
You're very welcome, Sheriff - paying for your Starbucks drive-through order is just my little way of saying 'thanks for all you do.'
I'm never going back to time-out.
We can trade hats, but we're still playing the bad guys.
Don't look now, but things are about to get rocky!
Faster, faster! He's got a popgun!
That's why they call me Billy the Kid.
Can't we put our petty differences aside and focus on the horse thieves?
They're pursuing! Now retreating! Now pursuing! Now retreating!
Dang, I recognize that one in the front, he's a rocking horse winner.
You'll never catch us once we hit the Rocky Mountains!
When will you varmints understand Zeno's paradoxes?
Let's see y'all keep up once we hit the Rocky Mountains!
My agent led me to believe this was a much higher budget movie.
I told you we should have called Uber.
Quick! Put in another quarter.
When I yelled 'The sheriff's off his rocker', I didn't think it would turn into this.
I told you-buying preowned horses from the merrygoround-not a good idea.
We'll get fresh horses when we get to the merry-go-roundup!
We're losing them! Wait...they're gaining on us. Well...okay...
Don't tip your hat at me!
I wish they'd pursue other hobbies.
Are you tough enough to pop a cap... in the air?
You'll never catch us! Due to the curved shape of the rocking horse base and Newton's second law, every force has an equal and opposite force. So even if you push toward us, you will rock backward and not make any forward progress!
I sure hope those are wooden guns too.
No, my Dad did not help me. I built it myself.
Best of all, no 'road apples'!
We should go for position. I'll shoot the Sheriff, but I will not shoot the deputy.
Is it something we should have learned in preschool?
Keep going, I think we can out rock them.
Off your rocker? Say what?
No, but they're not gaining in us either.
I think the IT guys are taking the picnic a little to seriously.
Okay, you win - I'm willing to stop and talk about it.
Shouldn't be long now, I loosened the screws in their horses.
I get it, Gary - I just don't see how this promotes teamwork.
You know what really chaps my hide? Splinters.
You were spot on, Gary - worth every penny - I don't feel stupid at all.
We ain't gots to really catches them.... Just makes it looks likes we're aiming to... Perception is reality.
I said studs not duds!
I thought for SURE we bought the more expensive brand...
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night."
You're three rocks short, sherif.
C'mon Woody, they're gaining on us!!!
You are three rocks short again, Sheriff!
You're completely off your rocker Sheriff if you think you can catch us!
No whining, the appropriation bill is on the floor in Washington.
Any idea when this network is gonna spring for some real horses?
Sometimes I feel like we're just going through the motions.
Catch us?...you must be off your rocker!
Rock me, baby.
Do they really have to do *everything* in post-production?
Don't make me go for MY popgun sheriff.
less rock more roll, partner.
We've got to get to the polls before sundown if we are to make a difference!
Next time, I'm asking Nick to organize the stag night.
I knew that piggy bank would be trouble.
"I must say this is a rather strange hobby".
Do you mind if we take a potty break before the shoot out?
I don't care; this is killing my hemorrhoids!
The studio says our movie is way over budget so we can't use real horses.
There's a Toys "R" Us up ahead where we can get new mounts.
We can play this game ALL day
Rock 'n' roll, pardner!
I think they're toying with us.
Do you ever feel life's not taking you anywhere?
I said "get horses for us"...not "horses from Toys r us"....
Let's head 'em off at Horsing Rock!
They're gainin' on us Cleetus, keep rockin'.
They're gainin' on us! Looks like we're headed for time out, pardner...
The wind is against us!
you ain't nothing but a hound dog
We can't seem to lose them.
Thanks, Steve. That wild cats sanctuary really bolstered the economy.
I TOLD you the budget for this Butch Cassidy sequel seemed a bit low.
Poopy pants!
All I asked was if they liked 'Kinky Boots'.
They're gaining on us, I told you we should have taken the scooters.
Why are we rocking and their rolling?
This feels more realistic than paintball.
They shoot horses, don't they?
So, do you still think this was the best way to cut the budget?!
They're gaining on us! Wait, no. Hurry! We're getting away.
Well, they did tell us it was a low-budget western.
Wait up Trudeau." "Forget it Trump you're not moving to Canada.
Slim, this is the last time you buy a getaway horse from Donald Trump.
They're gaining on us. Let's rock and roll!
My mom says I have to be home from the roundup by supper time.
They're gaining on us-these horses are just too darn slow.
Head for the toy store! We can lose them there!
We're. safe. The guy is so aroused by Honey's pert tail he can't keep his hat on straight.
HURRY the posse is catching up!!
Hard right, Tex! They're 'a draftin' us!
Nope, they're still not gaining on us.
Quick! They're not gaining on us
Great idea you had: Steal their Lincoln Logs.
Back off, boys, I've got a real cap gun in this holster!
Drat! Caught in another speed trap -- It's the damn' sheriff's hobby-horse
Dang, they're gainin' on us and we're out of caps!
Get back! The gun is real!
Dagnabbit! Posse's upgraded from those quarter-horses outside the general store.
It's those guys from the playground.
We best high tail it out of here ... The Sheriff's a rocking'
We'll be in the mountains before they catch us.
You'd think after thirty years they'd realize they ain't catching us.
When can we stop for a juice box and a nap?
They'll never catch us on these employee-wellness horses!
It retrospect, maybe we should have asked for the Rocky Mountain Horse.
I'm glad Apple found a way to even the playing field.
I thought it was a Bucking Bronco race, Not a Rocking Horse race!
They're closing in. Let's rock!
We need to stop for an hour to let the horses rest.
Get along 'lil teak wood
The Republicans are gaining on us!
Stop already! We were nowhere near the toy store.
You'll never catch us! Oh yes we will, rock faster Teddy!
Durn it! I thought you said this was his first rodeo too!
Do you mind if we stop for a nap and some milk and cookies?
Don't look back - you might see 'em gaining on us!
Eat my sawdust, tinhorn
Here's the deal - I take your steeds in trade and reinstate the generous law enforcement discount.
They're gaining!
Is this why they say that men never grow up?
How was I to know that buying from the Rocking Horse Ranch would be so literal?
Their website promised, No riding experience necessary.
If we gave up now we'd be off our rockers.
Sheriff, you ought to let your horse do the thinkin'.
The sheriffs always take the toy store too seriously.
Rock harder, or it's nap time for us!
"This is one rockin horse, they'll never get us.
See if you can find a toy store, Rusty, maybe we can lose 'em.
I think we're OK, he's just tipping his hat.
If you think you'll catch us, you're off your rocker!
Dang! That chestnut the sheriff's ridin' is awful fast!
Keep going, it's almost nap time.
Why do we always have to be the bad guys?
Who are those guys? ("are" to be italicized)
Perseverance will not fail of its rewards.
Easy, Sheriff! How was we supposed to know them Bufford boys weren't done with their Play-doh?
We'll knock you off your rockers
I can't tell if they're gainin' on us.
Told you we could do our own stunts for this film.
Look out, he's got a nerf gun!
"toy testing focal group yes, fun, no.
Who are those hobbyists?
The Child, Child West.
Don't shot sherif, we're just horsing around!
Day care competition has gone to a new level!
No animals were harmed in the making of this event.
You need a better hobby, sheriff.
This doesn't bode well for the brothel scene.
To the nursery!
I told you they were nags.
They are too far ahead. We will never catch them.
We're gonna catch him, Sheriff; his left rocker's goin' flat!
When you said "adventurous vacation at the Rocking H Ranch," this isn't exactly what I had in mind!
You'll never take me alive, rocker.
I shudda had a V8!
He's closing in. Faster, don't let Donald catch up.
Never again. Never challenge a cartoonist to draw!
We've been chasing them since kindergarten. But never give up!
Give it up, you don't have a chance, Malabar!
I think they're fixin' to head us off at the past!
They're just toying with us.
Are you sure Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kids began this way?
The're gaining on us... We're loosing them. The're gaining on us... We're loosing them.The're gaining on us... We're loosing them.
I told you there wasn't any money in Westerns
We shoulda stole stick horses
With special effects this will be great.
Howdy Sheriff
Eat my dust, loser!
Did yours come with a body cam?
This ain't rocker science.
I'm the fastest rock in the West
Last one to the baby shower has to drive home
Jed, the termites ain't workin'!
Holding on to your hat is MY thing.
Give it up Sheriff, you'll never catch us before nap time!
No "Horse-Play" Allowed!
It's better for your core!
Come on, sheriff, it was only a piggy bank.
You know this is only a hobby, right?
The law can really rock and roll.
Donald wake up- the GOP is after us!
Do I look like a horse thief, Sheriff?
I know real horses go faster but this is much safer.
Why so seroius .... it's just a hobby.
I don' t know about you, Rusty, but this is last low-budget Western movie I sign-up for.
If it weren't for that dang baby monitor, we'd be long gone.
... If our guns weren't toys too, one of us could end this embarrassing spectacle.
Ha! They're on rocking horses!
You're off your rocker if you think you'll take me alive.
My wife thinks I'm off my rocker for doing this.
You'll never catch us, rockin' lawman.
You after them horse thieves too, Sheriff?
Those animal-rights folk are getting outta hand.
They may not be fast, but they're eco-friendly. Ride on!
I think the sheriff is running out of quarters.
Last one at Kindergarten's a sissy!
If ya think yer gonna catch us, yer off yer rocker.
Come on Earl! Keep on rockin' to free world!
I'd like a word with your fairy godmother!
Sure, horses are expensive, but do you really think kids will accept these?
I wish I had my stick horses.
Officers, you rock! But as members of the "giddy-up-gang", so do we.
It's off to the playpen if they capture us.
Oh no, they're on to us. we've got to rock faster.
I'll sure be glad when we're finished with basic training
Hey! Ya mother's callin' ya!
They're gainin' on us, Buck - pretty soon we'll be in range of their water pistols.
You two slowpokes'll never catch us!
Hillary and Bernie both got real horses. " "How the hell did that happen?" "Tidder-ump, Tidder-ump, Tidder-ump, Trump,Trump!
I hope the next time I say 'Pony up', you'll understand what I mean.
I asked "WOULD" horses be faster!
I warned them not to get too close after the weenies and beans bar-b-q.
You think this ridiculous? Wait until tomorrow when they shoot the river-crossing scene.
I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputies.
Saddle up. Rock and load.
Ceesco, thee shereef, he ees getting closer!
Want to call it a draw?
Wrong. You cannot ride AND shoot.
You fellers okay with a half hour nap break?
Dang hybrids! They ain't near as good as our old hay-guzzlers!
Wow, sheriff, you ROCK!
Ain't nothin like holding your ground.
I guess it's been a long time since a western movie has had a 'G' rating.
Look out! They're having more fun than we are!
Last one home is a rotten rocker!
We must've taken a wrong turn, Tex. This is the Child West.
Go, Paint. Go!!!
Clyde, rock faster. They're catching up...must be those battery operated horses.
Don't you just love politics - riding hard, going nowhere.
I told you F.A.O. Schwartz wasn't a bank.
This is just a hobby, right?
I've got a strong feeling we can lose them up ahead in the woods
We would have done better with the Radio-Flyers.
Eat my dust bunnies Frank!
Whose idea was it to follow the P.E.T.A. guidelines?
They were only wooden nickels!
We could just make a run for it.
Don't worry, the Indians are on Big Wheels.
Too bad sheriff, have you considered cutting us off at the pass?
I see Pogo Stick tracks ahead!
I wish this thing has more horse power!
The Good, the Bad and the Squeaky
This is what you get when millennials plan a company retreat.
Giddy up, they're gainin' on us. Nope, we're gettin' away. Nope, they're gainin'...
Hurry Clyde! Three more rocks back-and-forth and the sheriff will have us in the pokey before sundown!
It must be snack time by now.
I think we lost 'em, boys.
The birth of "Rock and Roll".
Sheriff Callie, her kemosabe-on hobbies Hobin and Robin...
Ya gotta be off yer rocker if ya thinks yer gonna ketch us!!
They never should have allowed that animal rights lawyer on the set.
Hey, these varmints really rock.
This is so much more than a hobby.
Quit chasin' us! It's supposed to be nap time.
We just passed the border, I think we're safe!
Joe, I told you not to use the hybrid horses for our escape.
They don't call me the fastest rocker in the west for nothin!
Dang! I knew we shouldn't have robbed the Hard Rock Café!
It's my turn to say, "Go, horsey".
Establishment losers again; they're on wooden hobby horses!
Yeah, I think the SEC is underfunded, too.
PETA has gotten way too powerful!
Don't kid yourself. You've been chasing us for 40 years.
Our kids are going to want these back so let's wrap this up boys.
Wear your spurs next time!
Who are those guys? I'm sure they're from the Hard Rock Cafe.
I tell you slim ,this gym has the craziest equipment equipment I've ever seen.
I told you there're fast.
You're never going to catch us.
You'll never catch us Sheriff. We've got fresh horses up ahead.
Stop chasing us.
It was a hobby. Until now...
Bang! Bang, bang! Bang!
You'll never catch me on a horse like that!
"Any closer and I'll get out my squirt gun".
I don't think I'll ever get used to these new zero emission horses.
If you can just get off your high hobby horse and listen for once...
Hurry up........Hopalong is right behind us!
This sho' beats line dancing guys
Stop or you'll shoot? You know damn well we all got our guns the same place as these horses!
They don't call this the wild west for nothin'!
Hi-ho, Maple! Away!
Better pound leather, Tex - they're slowly gaining on us!
Butch, they're the best trackers I've ever seen.
Keep going, they're gaining on us... No wait, no they're not... Oh no, they are... Sorry, no, they're not... (etc.)
Darn it, Sundance. One of the posse guys is mocking me. Everytime I touch my hat, he touches his.
Let's just stop and shoot it out, Sheriff - this is getting us nowhere.
Rock-a-bye baby, Sheriff.
Faster! They're packin' cap guns!
Whoa, Partner. Watch the tail-gating.
Sheriff! My mount's thrown a screw!
Look on the bright side boys, no stalls to clean anymore!
I reckon we're lookin' at a long time out, Mikey.
You’ll never catch us, unless, of course, you get off the horse and walk.
Jake, looks like the Sheriff has gone off his rocker!
Hi Ho...Up Up and away--or what ever.
No animals were harmed in the filming of this movie.
Don't you ever again tell that sheriff he's off his rocker!
This sure beats reality.
We'll give ourselves up when recess is over.
Better ease up on those marshmallow pies.
Let's settle this at the O.K. Carousel.
Looks like the Sheriff's not off his rocker anymore.
We was just playing two wanted piggy bank robbers , Sheriff
Rock-a-Bye---Babies!
Hey Not fair using a two a two man horse.
They're right, Sheriff. We're all hat and no cattle.
I lean forward and I looks like we're getting away, but when I lean back I think they are gaining on us. I think I need glasses.
Looks like the posse picked up fresh horses at the lumberyard.
Hey guys,how about we get off these kids toys and chase like real men?
I'm outa here they're off their rocker
Give it up, Reggie, your old belly-tickling routine won't work with these critters.
at least no animals have been hurt in the making of our little drama.
Keep yer head down low Butch, he's drawing his BB gun.
You know, on second thought, the cap guns were also a bad idea.
Get ready boys, that's Termite Canyon ahead.
Dont warry, they'll never catch us with us!
Looks like they spotted our tracks.
You got anything besides "giddyap?"
I don't thing those badges are real.
Darn, those guys can really rock and roll.
Old West Sheriff Training Camp
Mornin’ Sheriff! You don’t imagine an old rocker like you can catch a young rocker like me, do you?
Who got the bright idea for us all to go vegan?
You move your hips like a woman
How long we goin after those piggy bank robbers Sheriff ?
Digging the new rocking horse 600hp
We be Rollin', they be hatin'
They're supposed to be great for your abs.
Who said boys from the East Side couldn't grow up to be cowboys?
If y'all don't like it, y'all can go right on back to yer sissy-pants spin class!
I told you we were more Country than Rock-n-Roll!
Howdy fella, you heading to the Bundy's too?
Careful fellers; them little puffy things on the road is hobby horse poop and it's really slick.
You’re real lucky, Sheriff, I just ran out of caps.
Why you chasing us, we got conned by the same rancher!
When Lucas finishes with this, movie fans won't know the difference.
Do you know how ridiculous we all look? Dumbest movie I've ever been in.
I thought YOU put a quarter in the meter.
You'll never catch me, potty-face!
Dang! Sure beats ridin' a stick horse.
How much longer until we catch up to those two phony ponies?
Just when you think you can rock off into the sunset...
Can you believe this only cost a quarter?
We may look ridiculous, but we're still ahead of you.
When you said we could make money participating in a hemorrhoid study, this isn’t what I pictured.
We're losing them! They're gaining on us! We're losing them! They're gaining on us!
What gave me away as Billy the Kid?
Yippie-yi-yo-ki-yay for Camp IKEA.
WE NEED FRESH MOUNTS
The cows are fairly easy to lasso.
Rock harder! They might be gaining on us.
Rock Faster! I told you these nags had wooden legs.
They're getting closer, is your pop gun loaded?
Rockin' horse, man!
You won't see me for sawdust.
I told you 65 dollars a day for room, board and horse riding was too good to be true. God only knows what they are going to serve us for dinner
They're still there.
Sheriff, yer really rockin' my jimmies!
They're gaining' on us, Clem. I reckon we're in for a showdown at the Barbie and Ken Corral.
This sure chaps my hide.
Sheriff, do you see this as something more than a hobby?
Whatever you do, don't lean back
First the Feds take away our guns, then our horses...
I told you this movie was underfunded.
Dang nabbit!!! They're riding composites!
I was hopin' the Ennio Morricone soundtrack woulda been more darn inspiring.
For a few dollars more we could have had the mahogony.
Hobbyists!
I think we need fresh horses.
Rock & roll on , you doggies, it's happy hour and we're heading for the Hard Rock Saloon !!!
Another low-budget Western.
I tol' ya this don't work without no Injuns.
They're gaining on us... oh, wait, it just appears that they're gaining on us.
You may be law abiding men, and the two of us not so much. Yet the ASPCA will be so pleased at how we all have come together.
Sam, the sheriff is on our tails. I told you we should have gone with the Chestnut.
We can't seem to shake them!
Presidential elections, 2016
Some posse. Can't keep up.
I’ve got to say when they tamed the old Wild West they took all of the fun out of it.
His name is Rocky. What's yours?
You cannot catch up with us - and, no, I am not using Zeno's paradox.
"Tom, Ketchum!" OR "Fred, Waite!" (Tom Ketchum and Fred Waite are famous outlaw cowboys.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Ketchum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Waite
Civil War re-enactments are a lot more realistic, dontcha think?
Just keep going, maybe one of them will get a splinter.
Hey Steve, I don't think I want to play anymore.
We will, we will out-rock you!
It's 'cops 'n 'rockers!
Dang it boys, I say it's time we learn to ride REAL horses.
They are close behind us wont be long till they catch up... TEN HOURS LATER: They are close behind us it wont be long till they catch up
The hats cost more than we thought.
I wonder if they are using the same wind we are using.
We're in trouble, Earl, they're on those self-drivin' ones.
We don't want to play with you guys anymore!
Director to Prop Manager, "The script called for Tennessee Walking Horses you idiot!"
You can’t touch us if we make it over the Mexican border.
HURRY UP! THE SHERIFF'S GAINING.
The popularity of low speed chases has really gotten out of hand.
We're rock'in right out of town.
It's like I always say... If you want to catch a criminal, you gotta think like a criminal.
These horses seemed so much faster in the supermarket...
I'm not sure this was the best time for us to go carbon neutral.
These horses are worthless, they should be made to studs.
I told you this was a low budget movie
Getting out of Dodge has its ups and downs.
Y'all can't prove we stole them crayons!
Lucky for us there guns are made of wood too.
Hurry we can lose them in the rockies!
You rock my world!
Keep on rocking, it's a free world!
Rock on, Silver, let's dust 'em
Dang it, Luke! I said "Walking Horses"!
Ride boys, ride! It's free root beer day at the Long Branch.
This discount wild west vacation looked so much nicer in the tour book!
Hey Pard, it looks like you might need a new hobby.
I'm warnin' you, Marshall. I've got a potato gun, and I know how to use it.
What's the matter, Sheriff? That horseflesh of yourn ain't nothin' but an ole rockin' chair.
This is the last gol durn time I take a role in a Wes Anderson western.
So you've chased us into a parallel universe. Now, what?
If they get any closer we'll have to make a run for it.
Rock on, Cody. Sheriff's gaining-- more than just weight.
Don't worry about the emissions, they will never catch us.
I don't think they're gainin' on us.
Give it up---we have a 15-minute head start!
Just our luck, Clem. Those two with the badges won't get off their damn anti-crime hobby-horses.
I go back and forth on whether this was a good idea.
Wyatt, are you holdin' your hat? You look ridiculous.
The chairs might have been comfier.
Keep rocking partner, their within 30 minutes from us.
What did you expect.. this is Rocking Horse Ranch
Dang it! We got us a spurious situation here.
I've been in low budget westerns before but this is ridiculous.
For the want of a nail, Sheriff, for the want of a nail ....
Think they can beat "The Kid" at his own game?
They might be gaining on us.
They don't know it but I wax on their runners ,we will just hit the breaks and they will sail right by!
careful sheriff, this here's no country for grown men!
The mustachioed Magnum P.I. look is so passe. Eat my dust Sheriff.
Not fair...whipping your horses is against racing rules and regs...and besides...it's inhumane.
The suspense is killing me.
Don't worry Jake. They're just a couple of rocking stars.
You're darn right I sound ornery. I just figured that outhouse isn't get'n any closer either.
If we can't head 'em off at Box canyon we'll get 'em at Mexican wall.
Maybe if we go a little faster they can get us for speeding.
Dudes, no way yur gonna gain on us!
We'll lose them in the nursey!
They are going to get away if we don't rock harder!
Ride like the wind, Mahogany!
Come on, you two. Rock and roll!
O.K. it's been 30 minutes, can we be the sheriffs now?
Not this old back and forth again!
We lapped you guys three times already!
No hoofbeats, .....merely the ceaselessly rocking into the alluring lore and mystique of the outlaw.
Let's hide up in yonder mall, Duke.
This is absolutely positively the last movie I make with this studio!
Them walnut models is too fast for us, Tex.
Can we please go back to being Civil War re enactors?
Mine's suffrin' from the rockin pneuomia and the boogie woogie flu.
Faster, Clem--they're gainin' on us!
No way you can catch us with that old model!
This year's Jesse James getaway reenactment is sadly underfunded.
I keep telling you Billy, crime doesn't play.
Hey Sheriff, the Trojan horse is gaining on you.
We are aging out. From mechanical bull riding to this.
They've been on my trail for over forty years now.
We gotta update this police academy.
Get any nearer sheriff and ya horse gets woodworm right between the eyes."
Gold star weighing you down, teacher's pet?
Rock and roll, dude!
You'll never catch us, Sheriff. Heck, it looks like you ain't even moved forward one inch.
If they catch us we're gonna get a hell of a time out.
What am I doing in a horse race for dummies?
Nope. They're still there.
GOP Establishment falling behind.
First one across the finish line wins a real horse !!!
We are not going fast enough to hold on to our hats !!!
Hey guys! Wanna go for beers after?
Besides, by definition, an actual robbery can't be of play money.
'Cause I'm the sheriff and it's MY birthday.
You can have the money when you pry it from my cold, dead, rocking horse.
Our kids are much better at this than we are !!
They're still there. Just keep rocking slow and steady and they'll fall asleep soon enough.
Giddyup! Giddydown! Giddyup! Giddydown!
They're virtually gaining on us!
I'm the man who rocked Liberty Valance
Shouldn't have trusted the Kid for our getaway horses.
Follow me one down to the bridge by the fountain! Lucy is waiting with the marshmallow pies!
Howdy
We were only taking a joyride!
I'm the rocking horse winner...that means more money.
Sheriff Trump's a formin' a posse!
They call me 'The Kid.' What's your excuse?
Give up! You'll never catch Billy the Kid!
They're catching us up Sundance - Never that's im-posse-ble we have quicker rockers
"This is more fun than spittin'"!
That's the last time we hit Toytown!
Man, I TOLD you this town's seriously cracking down on no tail lights!
We need to invest in horses that can move
Time to change Hobbys ...
...rather fast paced and stressful for an entry level course in dealing with middle age crisis. Certainly there can't be more formidable challenges ahead.
Give it up sheriff. We'll always be two strides ahead of you.
I reckon this puts us between a rock and a hard place!
My inner child is telling me this is a bad idea..
This is a LOTTA work ! I can't wait until someone invents computer hacking !
Dibs on being Randolph Scott.
They'll never catch us if we make it past those rocks!
PETA is ruining this for everyone.
We're OK if we can Red Shift them!
Next time we want to be the good guys!
Ride, Donald . . . ride.
God I hate this dream.
We're doomed if the audience ever finds out this is how we shoot chase scenes.
Pardon my dust.
We're changing horses in the next town.
Slow down, Jake. We’re gonna walk.
If they steal our real horses again you're fired!
Great idea, J.B! Regression therapy bonding at the leadership retreat!
Come on! We need to stop them before they get to that imaginary fence.
If I can't be the sheriff now, I'm a'headin' for the Tinker Toys.
Wait, time out guys. Splinter.
Here we go again- chasin our tales, but hold on to your hat 'cause ya never know
You'll not live to see me hang, Pinkerton!
Modern day Paul Revere. The Trumps are coming!
I am trying very hard but for some reason I am not getting anywhere.
Mom said we have to home by six!
I told you we should've skip our afternoon naps.
Those animal rights folks have gone too far this time.
Dang Jed! 12 hours and they still be teetering on our tail
You're no closer than 15 years ago. Let's have a hat fight instead.
Better put the cork in your gun.
What if leading by example doesn't work?
Vote Trump!
I want my teddy bear.
"Don't fall off your rocker when I tell you this but it looks like one of them might be riding a new Mustang and could be catchin up to us.
We've two federal studmuffins behind us
You do realize none of us are going anywhere?
Their gaining! Damn those new electric gizmo's
Just keep on pretending like you're gaining on us.
Spring training is too damn long
Hold onto your hats boys, this is gonna be a long ride
You'll never take our horses alive!
Hold up boys, I'm running low on gas!
Rock it, dude! They're gaining on us!
Let's hope they don't decide to walk.
You've gotta respect they're sense of fair play.......they could've taken real horses!
This ain't the wild west no more.
They're gaining on us, we'd better switch to them stick horses!
give it up….. you'll never catch us……….
Hey, if you can't keep up, get another hobby!
I don't know, Duke. This horse thievin' business don't seem to be gittin' us anywhere.
Someone should invent a rock and roll horse.
This is the last year we'll let HR plan our executive retreat activities.
He's off his rocker!
You're idiots!
Try viewing this as an unintended consequence of legalizing weed?
This is what they call their misdemeanor pursuit.
We might get caught, Jim, but at least we'll be carbon-neutral.
Clearly it's not a hobby with them!
Hey Will, I think this is your hat.
Sheriff, you can go to hell - you and the horse you rode in on!
Combining the power of two horses into one--what's that good for? Hah.
Technology hasn't made riding the range easier.
We ain't gonna win the West this way.
Don't come a-chasin' cause this horse ain't a-racin.
Don't worry- Zeno's got us covered.
Rock harder! They're closing on us!
Robbing banks was more fun before the horses went on strike.
Next time choose the hard place
Mr. Tarantino goes desperate and we end up like this!
Two hours and we still haven't lost 'em!
Faster! They're matching us rock for rock!
Consarn it, Tex, it looks like the marshal is tryin' to cut us off at the past!
This virtual reality ride is getting zero stars on Trip Advisor from Butch9486.
They’re gaining and also receding on us!
This can be my first triple crown !
Where's the nearest exit?
You have a dumb hat!
I have too much of a head start.
Next week we train on REAL horses!
Darn! My pistol is out of water.
Good thing we’re not on a merry-go-round.
Your horse is lame.
Giddeup--the merry go round got away again.
If we can jist stay ahead em 'til naptime....
You'll never catch these white broncos.
You’ll never catch the Samuel Beckett gang!
Next time, just pay the blacksmith.
This isn't what I had in mind when I suggested wild west reenactments as a hobby.
For twenty years I've been hearing you say "We're gaining on 'em."
We're caught between a rocking horse and a hard place.
Hurry, they are rockin and rollin!
If you show me what's under your hat, I'll show you what's under mine.
Rock faster, Barney! These spurs ain't doin' us no good.
Faster. Good guys really rock !
If they get any closer, then I'm calling my mom
Don't worry we'll lose them at the river.
Are you off your rocker? We're just out for a joy-ride.
If my grandmother had wheels she'd be a wagon !
I think we're gettin' too old for this...
We are getting too old for this, don't you think?
If we pass this we get to try Shetland Ponies tomorrow.
We'll be rockin' 'round the mountain when we come!
I thought those termites we planted on their mounts would be more efficient.
I told ya we shoulda got fresh horses!
I yell whoa horse hears go.
Don't know 'bout you, Sheriff, but this is the second-saddest horse chase I've ever been in.
No really, I'm having fun, this just wasn't what I was expecting for my bachelor party.
The East Coast version
Luckily, their pop guns can't reach us from there.
Why are we holding our hats?
let's split up Lefty, I'll meet you back at the teeter-totter
Hold on to your hats; it's going to be a bumpy night.
Tell me again why we are holding on to our hats?
They're not going to show that these are rocking horses in the actual movie, will they?
We seem to be in some type of stalemate!
Sir, your horse exceeds any possible emission levels
...no, 'fun.' This is how the West is FUN!
This still doesn't explain the 'Sundance' part of his name.
They're gaining on us! Rock the horse faster!
Oh, yeah? Well, I've got a "Get Out Of Jail Free" card!
Damn! Why did I press to build that border wall.
You guys are off your rockers!
We better hurry before the plastic dinosaurs catch us!
Hey, Roy? Why're they chasin' us? Obviously we ain't the ones who stole all them horses.
Seem to be between a rock and a hard place.
No more low budget Westerns for me
They're still on our tail!
Go home. We're hours ahead.
Hurry! The posse from the antique store is right behind us!
This is what you get for spending the most of the movie budget on these stupid hats!
...this sure beats spinning class with the wives!
When we round the bend, start dropping the shims!
We'll outrun them! Touch wood.
Are you sure they're gaining on us?
You guys need to find a new hobby!
Sherriff, let's admit it, we're in détente.
Dang! I knew I shoulda worked on my core muscles.
Are you off your rocker chasing a guilt-free man?
I mean this quite literally, Sheriff. You'll never catch us!
Catch me if you can!
Rock away Sheriff.....we ain't got no stinkin' badges!
Sheriff, there’s been a recall of wooden horses. All models. See you back at the dealership.
Why do you keep calling me OJ? This isn't a white bronco!
Rock that horsey faster Barney, they're gaining on us!
My five-year-old warned me about this.
No way, Jose!
the hell with ASPCA approval for a chase scene
There in the distance....Apache in bumper cars!
I know they're right there, but they don't seem to be gaining on us.
This cheapens the myth, don't you think?
I don't feel anything yet
Damn the SPCA!
Knock yourself out, Marshall--there ain't a playpen in this county can hold me.
I hate stunt jobs on G rated flicks.
I told ya robbin' the Toyland Bank was a bad idea!
Mom said I get to win this time.
Git your own durn carousel.
I challenge you to a duel! After naptime.
They're catching up, we need to rock faster
I told you we shouldn't have taken the white bronco.
Head for the frozen river, we'll see what kind of rider he is.
These horses are borrowed, not stolen.
This is the last damn eco-oater you'll be chasin' us in!
Can't catch me, sheriff. I've had this rocking horse since my first birthday.
They're making a run for Gumdrop Mountains!
So much for zero emissions!
I just love the thrill of the chase.
"I'm getting a strong sense of deja vu".
Try " Rockabyebaby" instead of " Giddyup"
Everyone stop where you are. It's time for a nap.
Why are we trying to so hard to get away? He only has a cap gun.
I'm thinking maybe we'd do better on foot.
Keep rockin'! At this pace, they'll never catch up!
"You'll never catch us on those old wooden nags".
So they never tire. There were other things you should have considered.
You and your posse will never catch Billy the Kid, Sheriff.
No animals were harmed in the making of this film
We're not giving up without a temper tantrum!
If they catch us it will be the electric rocking chair!
We should have chosen a hybrid.
Wait for the cloud of sawdust.
Game on! Hobby or lifestyle?
Hey, Buckeroo sherrif! Are we having a Kafka moment?
You and your hybrid horses.
Westerns just aren't the same in the age of PETA.
We've got company.
The good news is that they aren't gaining on us!
I think he's going to win by a grain of wood
Sheriff, all this back and forth is getting us nowhere.
The winner gets an underwear change.
I'm telling you--We didn't take yer dern piggy bank!
You'll never catch this Rock Star!
We need more tokens!
"Simon says, touch your hat."he
Give it up, Sheriff--we've got a full-day's lead.
Rock on, Garth - they're a gainin' on us!
Your buzzsaw sounds are scaring our horses.
We're never gonna catch the Broom Horse Gang, Sheriff.
I know it' slow, but it's all we had in the transportation budget..
I said this horse thievin' up would be child's play, not easy.
You wouldn't be so close if these were REAL horses !
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when you said "let's go western style ice skating" but this definitely wasn't it.
....and you don't have to feed or groom 'em....just think....it'll save us a fortune!
Sheriff, if you think we're gonna catch these bandits, you must be off your rocker!
Dang, Bart! I think we need a new hobby!
To think I gave up collecting stamps for this.
"Let's Rock N Roll !" Cue William Tell Rockature
I told ye this ain't no carousel posse!
Faster!
Another special day at Rodeo Fantasy Camp: 'Suck wind Jerry - wait 'till they hear about this in Accounting'
I told you to grab the ones with wheels.
With the speed of still, a poof of dust and a hearty hi-ho splinter, away
You're exceeding the speed limit, officer.
Law enforcement: "The car dealer said your forgot something: pony up!" Alleged suspect: "We were just checking how low the emissions really were on these. We were gonna return them!"
I thought we got away back at the carrousel.
I'll say this one last time, Rex, we hold the horse with our left hand and our hat with our right
If we gain another 6 inches on them by nightfall, I think we can lose 'em.
I think we need to reevaluate what we consider foreplay to be...
When we catch him we will put on his pajamas but no TV.
I would have enjoyed this more when I was eight years old!
Screw you Sheriff and the horse you rocked in on
Don't shoot! He's half Indian with a sunburn.
No worry. They just look like a couple of hobbyists to me.
They're gaining on us. Wait, we're getting away! No, they're gaining on us. Wait, we're getting away!
Nobody makes the wild bunch eat their vegetables!
Why do you keep yelling that we'll need more money.
This time we're going to re-enact the presidential race as a western
put another quarter in, they're gaining on us!
We're rocking to victory!
We need D. H. Lawrence to help us win
Keep going, their horses are getting tired.
LET'S TALK TO CORPORATE ABOUT SWITCHING RENTAL PROVIDERS.
For goodness sake, it was only a piggy bank!
This reenactment of the birthday party I had when I was five isn't working.
Rock faster! I think they're gaining on us!
At least they're not getting any closer!
I think we better make a run for it!
Told ya, we should've grabbed the pogo sticks instead!
The William Tell Overture again?!...Really?
I told you that equine union is tough.
Dang - I should have had an extra bowl of Fruit Loops for breakfast.
Back off, sheriff. I've got a cap pistol and I ain't afraid to use it.
I can't believe I let you talk me into holding up the Rocking Horse Ranch!
Don't worry, the camera's only shooting from the waist up.
Yes,but "Yes, but it's a dry heat.
I agree. CGI takes all the fun out of it.
They're still gaining on us!
Giddy-nope
Can we stop now? I'm feeling seasick.
Teacher says recess is almost over!
You fellers better keep up - them woodpeckers is gainin' on us!
How does my butt look?!
Hey... they are using real guns!
Did you bring the tweezers?
We're damned Dick, the sheriff's horse has racing curves
I think we've given PETA too much control.
Now you"ll never catch up with us plus we've got louder caps in our pistols!
Get any closer and I'll use my popgun on ya, Sheriff!
Doody poo to you
Well, at least they aren't gaining on us.
Dagnabnit! We should have taken Uber!
Hey! We didn't steal yer horses!
We're not going to make it pard. They've got late model rides.
I'm almost out of time. Do we have any more quarters?
Sheriff, if you get off your hobby horse, I'll get off mine.
We ain't goin back to yer Micky Mouse jailhouse sheriff...
You boys follow on; I'll head 'em off at the pass!
Isn't there something more important than the horse race?
Good call, Sheriff-- these are a lot faster than the merry-go-round horses.
Metaphor aside, Kasich's still not gonna win.
Wait 'til you see the stagecoach.
Ol' rockin chair ain't gonna get me!
Old rockin chair's got me!
That old rockin chair's got us!
We need a new lyric for "Old Rockin Chair"
I think I prefer the ones made of solid mahogany.
There's just nothin' like virtual riddin' the trails.
Since Mr Trump made ALL horses senators, historical reenactment has become very tedious. But the cost of lobbying has fallen to an apple and two carrots #horsesvotesforequinehopes
I'm Billy the Kid. What's your excuse?
I'll surrender if you'll let me shave before the hanging.
I think we lost them!
I thought you meant your "hobby" was horseback riding!
They're gaining on us! No wait, we're pulling ahead! Uh, no....
They’re on Hoverboards and they’re gaining on us.
Ever feel like your gettin nowhere FAST?!
Horsing. Horsing approachment.
Faster, Bill! It's the sheriff of Little Horse Rock.
Drat! The posse’s on skateboards.
Just paraphrasing Bruce Dern as Jack Strawhorn: Every day above ground is a good day!
Don't worry Butch, their horses are on strike too!
Let's get back to the birthday party.
Hey Sheriff, how 'bout we call it a draw?
There's gotta be a better way.
Darn it Billy, Sheriff Pete's gaining on us. We need to ditch the horses and make a run for it.
Hurry! He's gettin' away on the Lionel train!
We're not switching, I was sheriff all yesterday.
We're out of bullets Clem, grab the saw!
I ain't going back to corner time!
Winning by a wooden nose, I say!
This the the last time I make a movie funded by PETA.
Howdy sheriff. How long d'you think b'fore we move on from the simulators?
They're gaining on us Zeke, let's split up!
I'm getting nowhere faster than you guys!
And you call yourself a horse thief?
We're done for. They have the new model.
Faster Zeke, they're gaining on us!
Time's up, our turn to be the good guys!
They look ridiculous.
Gas, electric or hybrid?
Ride like the wind! Or at least like a gentle breeze.
This is going to be the most exciting white Bronco chase ever!
You got the wrong man Sheriff, I'm not the Kid!
Whose idea was it to rob the toy store?
This here's a chase of arrested development.
Sheriff, get off your high horse cause we ain't no bank rockers!!
Hey, how come we're all wearing white hats!?
Well when a cowboy rides one, it is a real horse.
I told ya we shouldn't have robbed that toy store.
You can't catch me... But I can't escape.
Well, 'Get Along Little Doggies' is better than 'Hi Ho Silver!'
Don't worry. They're not gaining up on us any more than they were two hours ago.
They're catchin' up, Dusty. I told you not to trade our tricycles for these dang things.
Next time I'm picking the ranch.
It only "feels" like you're gaining on us.
Lend me your saw, they're gaining on us!
No, Luke, but they ain’t gaining on us neither.
Jebediah,make haste! They'll be on us by nightfall.
Eat my sawdust, Sheriff! You got no proof we robbed the piggy bank or the choo-choo.
Ralph, they're gettin' closer...now farther...now closer...now farther...
We're out of bullets, grab the saw!
Don’t worry. They can’t hurt us with their cap guns.
It was a fantasy then and it's a fantasy now.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
We ain't afraid of them gumint-issue toy guns.
You were right, Hoss, this is as good a workout as Zumba!
This low budget, politically correct indie Western ain't goin' to impress 'em at Sundance.
They've got the speed, but we've got the brains.
To the hideout, I think we lost them.
All this giddy-up has left me hoarse.
And don't forget...I get the girl at the end!
It'll be Low budget western you said, - this is. . . underground.
Spurs, dude...they're called spurs.
Howdy, Loser!
Hurry! He's getting away on a tricycle.
Rockin'horse play.
Try more rocking and less rolling
When are Billy Crystal and Jack Palance going to show up?
It was the same bank that repossessed the horses.
We deal in wood, friend.
Bout ready to enter termite country!
What do you mean the bounty on us is in monopoly money?
Let's hide-out in the play room.
C'mon! I know you're using your feet!
They're getting away, but the good news is they aren't moving fast.
The price of hay had adverse effects on both sides of the law.
I really appreciate you for being a pallbearer for my portfolio.
Next time I'm the horse thief and you're the accomplice.
This is ridiculous, even for a "low-budget-western"!
Grab the saw.
These will be edited in post, right?
At least it's not a wild goose chase.
Doggone--this nomination was a horse race until the Donald played his trump.
You can tell 'em the 'Kid' is innocent Sheriff.
How 'bout if I tell you where I hid your crayons?
Rockin' and not rollin' makes for a long chase, Sheriff.
Tell 'em the 'Kid' was here.
Step on it Rider, they are gaining on us.
You have change for a dollar?
When a cowboy rides one, it IS a real horse.
They're gaining on us!...never mind. They're gaining on us!...never mind.
Sheriff's band is just outrockin' us!
Hide the teddy bear! Hide the teddy bear!
How much longer until we decide this playdate's over?
No, their guns are real.
Crime took an awkward turn durring the wood boom of 1849
PETA has gone too far this time. This is the last low budget western I'm doing!
Rock and Roll beats just pure Rock every time.
Looks like it's gonna be a contested arrest.
Those dudes really know how to rock!
We give up! ... I got a sliver.
Don't they get tired? Don't they get hungry?
You have the law on your side, but I have physics.
Coming soon to CBS: The Mild, Mild West.
Faster!! Trump is coming!
Don't worry, Jake, they're also carrying wooden guns.
Rocking Horse Winner had a whole different meaning!
Kindergarten Cop II: The Prequel.
This isn't my hobby. I ride horses for a living.
We're jus' running fer the roses, Marshall.
This is a young man's game!
"It's fun but not as good as rockin' and rollin'.
Hurry, Buck. The Sheriff of Rockingham is on our tail.
Don't worry,... he won't get far on foot!
This is no country for young men!
Hey sheriff, this is my first rodeo. Stop drafting off my Stetson!
These budget cuts are getting ridiculous.
Git on the merry-go-round, at least we'll be movin'.
C'mon now sheriff, let's sort this out like real men.
We just have to make it to nap time
You're right. The Mustang would have been better.
I told you real bank robbers ride real horse
They don't call it Windy City for nothing!
I say we ride 'til sundown, set up camp and git into our jammies fer the night.
head 'em off at the pass!
I never heard of the Toys'R'Us Rangers !
Next time, you grab the cash and I'll get the horses!
I said I didn't want to take on any jobs that would disturb my "equanimity"!
Can we hit the pause button for 20 minutes?
Another ten miles and they'll have caught us.
Remember we are the rock and roll outlaws!
Hurry, the sun setting won't last forever!
If we can maintain this pace they'll never catch us. Rock on!
I'm rock, rock, rockin' on heaven's door.
Budget cuts: what an efficient way to catch the bad guy
So much for your 'pretend' hold-up
Let's all sing 'It's been so lonesome in my saddle since my horse died'.
I told you we should have started sooner.
First they came after Shamu and now this!
Give it up, Sheriff, this horse is made from lightweight, kiln dried real Western pine. You're on an old oak.
We should have just walked away when we had the chance.
Won't you ever stop that 'dang hoss thief' whining? You knew Pa gave us these horses.
My gun's out of caps. I surrender!
I knew we’d never get these damn horses to hover.
Rock on, dude. They're after us"!
Maybe it's time we try rollin'.
They’re environmental-friendly, that’s why.
If the Blues overtake me, gonna rock right away from there.
Keep up! We have to get there by sunrise a year from today!
Save some energy for the little red wagon competition!
We're not going back to juvie!
Hey! I think we accidentally switched hats!
Why can't we ever get the fast horses?
They'll "Wow, they're really rockin'!
It's almost nap time! They won't get far!
Just a warning about these low-budget westerns, don't eat at craft services.
I told you, gun control doesn't work.
Let's take 'em down to the canyon, Butch!
I told you that Wild West Experience Groupon was a bad idea!
The Revolution has begun!
I've been through the desert on a horse with no legs.
This is what politics must feel like
Told you Toys R Us had the faster horses...
Let's split up. I'm getting a little dizzy. You make a break!
This ain't nothing. Ya'll should try the spinning class.
Well heckfire. They're gainin' on us and my gun's outta water.
It's the darnedest thing-- they're actually gaining on us!
We grew up together. Don't know when things went wrong.
Ralph, look back, I think Jim is off his rocker.
Posse's gainin', but we'll outrun 'em. There's a fresh seesaw waitin' at the pass.
They ain't gaining on us.
The Western - Behind the Scenes.
No fair! You have to say, "time in"!
I reckon you're right, Sheriff, they ride better. But our progress ain't worth spit!
Dammit Clyde, I told you we shoulda' taken the freeway."
Sam Peckinpah isn't going to buy this.
That tailwind is the problem.
Too bad we came along before Rock 'n Roll!
I swear, Sheriff .... We ain't horse thieves!
Gol Dang! They're catching up with us!
You'll never catch us when we reach my old little red wagon!
You'll never catch me. I learned to ride from Billy the Kid.
If we keep this up much longer, we’ll all be six feet under.
Is this movie low-budget or no-budget -- I keep going back and forth.
Sheriff next time, we'll steal Pogo sticks.
I reckon we have a week's headstart.
The key is to let the horse do the work.
I'd feel better if they had the 'Rawhide' theme playing in the background.
A man's horse is what really separates the boys from the men.
Lots' of gitty up but not much go!
Cracking down on Hobby Lobbyists.
How are you gaining on us?
Dang! They get closer, then farther, then closer, then father, then...
"Looks like we got some tail wind".
Wow. Those guys really rock!
We just can't seem to mosey along like we used to.
Don't get overconfident, Chet! These guys can't quit-each other or themselves.
Are you absolutely sure the script said "based on a true story?"
We've really got to get a new hobby.
The sale at Toys R Us was just too enticing.
For the last time, yelling "Yee haw!" won't make you go any faster!
I'll rock right, you rock left.
I swear to God, Dennis, if you make us miss nap time again...
You had to sign us up for the BEGINNER'S Dude Ranch?!?
Is it my imagination, or are they closer than they were an hour ago?
Even in a dream you can't catch me.
We just wanted to rock around the clock.
Time out! I have a splinter.
This film is way too low-budget!
Saddle class is the new spin class.
You're after the wrong guys! We're not real horse thieves. This is just a hobby!
Giddyup, they're gaining on us, somehow.
Hey, it’s Zeno’s Paradox all over again!
The hoarse chase scene in the very low budget western.
Break for lunch?
Welcome to the mild, mild West!
Go ahead and shoot, we're all carrying cap guns.
The sheriff and his deputy in trot pursuit
Don't forget, it's just a game!
It's the law of inertia.
You're as inadequate as you were yesterday on the merry-go-round.
We'll be okay so long as they don't dismount and start walking after us.
Doggone budget movies!
I hope we get real horses after the kickstarter campaign.
C'mon, all this over a piggy bank!
I think PETA is going a little too far.
(this is still for the contest that ends on March 20th; and I am in time!!!) "It looks like it will be a long case."
''Mahogany is the winner with Maple coming in second.''
I'm gonna off your rocker.
That's right, pod'ner, we rock in after the spaghetti western guys!
No way I'm spending another minute in time out.
Let's make a run for it!
I know accidents are down 50%, but I hate the simulator.
At this point, I think we're better off making a run for it.
''We'll rock you to the finish line.''
They're heading for the Mexican playground.
You will never guess how I got pulled over yesterday.
Head for the nursery----it's almost bed time
We're losing 'em Neil! Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Dad blast it, Pete! We should've out-rocked 'em by now!
Bob, their gaining on us . When do the hemies kick in?
These new animal rights laws are killing our getaways.
Theirs turned into hoverboards, so I reckon we lost'em.
Whose idea was it to rob FAO Schwarz?
Sheriff, them is toy bullets and toy guns, and we ain't goin' to no toy jail.
It was Monopoly money, get over it Tom.
which direction did the mechanical bulls go?
Yes, mine is going much faster back to the barn than out too.
Stop rockin'. It's our turn to be sheriff.
When your game of cops and robbers goes a little too far...
Catch me if you can. Hat be damned.
You'll never catch me because I'm a Republican Rock Star!
So much for rocking off into the sunset.
I hope you stumble on Legos!
The programing of this virtual reality needs work.
All we stole was candy.
"Thoroughbred", my ass!
I don't care if it's cosplay -- it's analog and it's boring!
We did not steal your strollers!
Where'd you learn to ride--in preschool?
If you say 'giddy-up' one more time I'll shoot you.
Just one question--are those water pistols?
This gives new meaning to Horse Neck on the rocks.
lets loose them in a cloud of sawdust
What! We ain't bronies, sheriff.
This film needs a larger budget.
I feel we are stuck in a different time
So this is what my agent meant by "low budget western"!
If we can just hold them off until nap time I think we'll be in the clear.
"They're gainin' on us, Slim! Told ya we shoulda rustled them ones that go 'plop-plop' and 'clipity-clop' !'
What does cartoon logic say about us using our guns?
They're gaining on us...I think.
First fence might be tricky
Do you think he'll wake up soon or do we have to keep going?
They gainin on us?" "Does a hobby horse have wooden legs?
Cattle rustlers?" Really? With these old nags.
Faster! They're about to dismount and walk over here!
I don't know how, Clem, but they're gainin' on us!
Grow up? I will when you do, Sheriff!
OK - losers buy banana splits with whipped cream and cherries.
No question about it. I should've worn my biking shorts.
If you think you can catch us, lawman, you’re off your rocker!
Don't worry, they've only got toy guns.
The Kid never gives up!
Never mind the posse – just keep on rockin’. Hey, I like the sound of that!
Told you we should've upgraded to wheels!
Yuh gotta be glad there's no methane.
Sure hope they wearin' body cams when they catch us.
Hold your horsies. I think we're going the wrong way.
We decided that new horses were worth the investment, no slivers.
''O mg, I'm not horsing around I just got a Charley horse while racing my dark horse to the finish line.''
At least we upgraded from the rocking chairs!
I see you’ve also met Chief Lazy Horse.
that threesome appeared in broke rocking horse sidewalks
I told the sheriff he should take up a hobby!
You never told us where to find the bandanas for this costume!
C'mon Marshall, no amount a reward money's worth the splinters!
No skidding.
We'll make our getaway when they have nap time.
You'll never catch me, even when the music stops.
Clem! It's like you said: Satchel Paige was right.
Damnit, I never choose the fastest horse!
They're still about two rocks behind us.
OK, then we'll have to settle this at the FAO Corral
