Trigger warning: I don't believe in litter boxes.
I get it, you're a working stiff.
I know what you're thinking ... he's just another working stiff, just like every other one she's brought home .... "
I hope it doesn't clash with the furniture.
Feminism. Crushing every ounce of pride this man had since marriage.
See you later crocodile indeed!
Alright, what did you do with the dog?
Martha, I think something is wrong with the dog.
'Wipe that defenseless animal-eating grin off your face!'
Did you hear that, Stan? I said I'm leaving you, and I'm taking our accountant with me.
When I said 'Later, gator,' I did not mean you could stay out this late.
Hold it there for a second Gary, let me get the towel to wipe your feet.
That reminds me, I could use a new pair of shoes.
GOT SHOES?
What's that ticking sound?
Where's my dog?
Honey, I know what happened to the dog now.
Well, I'll be. Didn't I release you in Florida last year?
Phew, I thought it was a Jehovah's Witness
How was your prey?
We're here for the negotiation, and I have to warn you, one of us isn't flexible.
You're supposed to be using the alley door!
Didn't I say I'd see you later, alligator?
We need to work on our definition of 'later'.
You'll be the pet, since you ate my cat.
You're not my Fido!
You look like the caiman that swallowed the cat.
This could end with crocodile tears.
I wouldn't really consider that a Watergate.
These aren't the shoes you are looking for.
I told you I'd see you later.
Did you do your business!
The neighbor called. He says his muskrat is missing.
I thought I said, "See you later."
If you're looking for the Puss 'N' Boots, it's in the kitchen.
Where were you? The neighbors have been worried sick about their pets.
Phyllis, you're never going to believe what the cat brought home this time.
This doesn't look good for the dog.
Where have you been? The whole neighborhood has been worried sick wondering where you were.
What have you done with Dr. Millmoss?
Dog gone!
I take it you won't be negotiating any further?
I see you finally learned to use the crocadoor.
Ma, you gotta stop taxing people.
That was an awfully quick trip out to do potty.
Where's Fluffy?
Where's the newspaper?
I told you I'm a Catholic!
"Bring a man to work" day
Just give the neighbors time to get use to you.
Don't start with the tears.
One more Amber Alert and you're on a leash!
It's been more than a while.
Come on Buddy, that costume is a crock.
What you need is a good stiff drink.
Not again! What poor creature have you caught to show me this time?
What have you done with Fifi?
Another walk of shame?
Wanna wrestle?
I should have gotten the boots.
Sir fluffles! Did you burry my glasses again?
'Where were you last night? You smell like a sewer.'
Bad alligator! You've been out with that crocodile again, haven't you!
Do you want to talk about the dog that just went out this door?
I just hope you made friends with Fido next door!
Wally, now tell the truth, why did Fifi stop barking?
You know you're supposed to let Crusty in first.
You have to stop losing your collar.
Look what the cat dragged in.
I'm so over all these extra uninvited house guests!!!! They all just sneak in through the back door ". "BECAUSE THEY CAN"
Wait! This is the lawyer's entrance.
Go back out that door right now! By the look of your feet, you'd think you lived in mud!
So, the lounge lizard is home late again
Let me shut the door then I'll tell you the bad news.
Wait! That is for lawyers only.
When I said 'see you later', I did not mean three in the morning!
Where's the cat?
Who are you and what have you done with my poodle?
Well, look who just crawled in!
Did anyone see you coming through the pet door.
Well, look what the cat dragged in!
Don't gimme that same ol' crock...
Have you seen the cat?
I was warned about Amazon deliveries in Florida.
Been a while, Crocodile!
No. This is not the Internet!
Back out one more time. I don't want Fifi to get splinters.
"Ever think of knocking?
And the cat . . . ? When did you dispatch him?
Your late again- so don't snap at me !
Late again---and don't give me those tears.
What are you going to do now that there are no more neighborhood kids to eat?
Now look what the alligator dragged in. Civil disobedience.
Eat me.
After creating a scandal called Alli-gate, all you can say is "Burp" ?
I expected you home earlier.
so, how was real world?
Sneaking in after 2 a.m.? You're in the doghouse, Mister!
You call that a 'while'?
Do you want to go see where boots are made?
Well, Spot, I guess the good news is that you found your way home.
It's a cat-door, not an the alliga-door.
DIYHandbags.com’s delivery service left much to be desired
Now isn't that much easier than pouncing at them at the side of the river?
What's your excuse this time?
Did you wipe your claws?
Okay, I'll seriously think about moving to Florida.
Honey, I know we've been over this before but, there's been a recent development which makes Arizona a more viable retirement option.
Cough it up!
It doesn't look like you've been keeping your New Year's resolutions.
Just because you won the ugliest Dog contest,doesn't meant you can stay out all night
Go straight to your pond!
You been drinking that swamp water again, Ruff?
I see you ate her, alligator.
Don't forget to wipe your feet.
Where's your new pal, the scorpion?
Wrong house. Captain Hook lives next door.
Show me your green card.
You still have to knock!
Every night it's later, alligator.
You forgot to bring home my newspaper.
This isn't what I meant by 'see you later alligator'.
Do you really think you deserve another boa constrictor just because you went outside twice today?
Well, if it isn't Mister 'Alligator Wreaks Havoc at Petting Zoo'!
Doggie door or not, you still need to wipe your feet before you come in the house.
What a drag. Look what the cat's in.
Someone needs to go on a diet.
Did you happen to see the dog out there?
Suck it up ... we're not in Florida anymore.
Sometimes I feel like we're just a couple of working stiffs.
"Have you seen a white poodle that answers to the name Lucky?
You're early. See you later alligator.
This is two days now without mail.
Bad doggie!
Where's his leg girl?
I see some of my dog in you.
Back so soon? What didn’t you understand - see you later or in a while?
You've changed.
Okay, no more between-meal snacks. You just ate a week ago and I've enlarged that door for the last time.
Did you do your murder business on Mrs. Steven's lawn again?
Never mind your eczema sensitivity to newsprint... scooch back out there and bring me the paper already.
"After a while ... " doesn't mean 3a.m.! Your mother and I have been worried sick!
I hope you wiped the pond scum off your feet
You ate the paperboy again?"
You ate the paperboy?
Out carousing again?
We need to dial back the Borox
You're the ugliest wiener dog I've ever seen!
Clearly, we've got to change groomers.
Neighbors called again. Happen to see their cat anywhere ?
Don't know if this is worth all the sunshine and palm trees.
You're not Lulu.
Don't lie to me. I can tell by that smug, self-satisfied grin that you've eaten somebody!
Don't make me get out the duct tape!
Don't start with the tears again.
I thought I told you to WALK the dog ...
As if a supposedly 10' alligator eating a letter carrier isn't enough the NY Post then ran an article that said a Bulgarian psychic says there will be no America after Obama.
You still haven't found the cat, Max? I just can't understand why all our cats keep disappearing...
I thought I told you that door was only for the dog.
Out all night again, eh? Well, what's her name?
Don't give me that toothy grin of yours!
I yelled 'Go Gators!' not 'Come Gators!
You ate the football?
You've chewed up my glasses for the last time, bad boy!
Did you make any friends at the park?
She HAD to have a house near the Everglades!!!
Bad gator!
Mange huh?
Did you bury my Crocs again?
How many times have I asked you to dry off outside?
The car ran out of gas? That sounds like a croc!
You must be our new mail carrier.
If you bit the mailman again I'm turning you into boots and a belt!
Curfew was midnight, Al.
Where's Snowflake?
Out all night consuming endangered species again?
Where's the paper, boy? And... where's the paperboy?
I flush, you come back. I flush, you come back.
Me saying "see ya later alligator" does not give you permission to stay out all night.
"Ms. Johnson called from 26B, she seems to have lost her cat?
Oh look,it's the once every six months "throw me an antelope" visit.Where's the love Earl?
I thought I told you I'd see you LATER!
Don't let the door hit you in the..., never mind.
Do I smell poodle on your breath?
Where's Waldo?
I'd better not find another one of your "gifts" on the porch, Floyd.
Mrs. Hook called. Care to explain?
Later!
I thought I said 'later gator' but I see you'll be here for a while crocodile.
I believe I said I'd see you LATER.
You don't have to tell me where you've been all night---it's all over the news, Albert!
Lunch is being served in the playroom.
Bad gator! Chewing on my Crocs again.
most the vacuuming needs to be done around the dinning-room table.
Not the neighbors yard again?
Have we wiped our feet, Muffy?
We've discussed this. You're supposed to come up through the toilet.
We need to cut back on our muskrats, Mittens. You can barely fit through the door!
All the humans and chickens in the neighborhood have disappeared - do you know anything about that, Fifi?
I thought I said "See you in awhile."
Fido, why won't you go out until I put on my glasses?
You're not 100 percent dachshund, are you?
I'm getting a little suspicious of all this caiman and going, Henry.
Evidently, the handyman didn't close up the doggie door. This is a croc!
Okay !! Where's Fido ?
I said, 'after a while.'
don't bite me, I meant to cut out your door in YOUR personal profile!
It's been awhile...
And whose arm did you bite off this time!
You forgot your Florida keys again?
How many times have I told you not to go looking for your own breakfast?
Well, look what dragged in the cat.
How many times have I begged you to use the back door?
Please don't tell me who you just had for dinner!
...and don't give me any of your crocodile tears.
I'm just fine! How's bayou?
Shouldn't you find someone closer to your size to play with?
'See you later' and 'after while' aren't going to cut it anymore!
We won't be getting Thin Mints and Samoas this year!
And just where is that newspaper? Lazy boy. No treat for you.
We're all out of Croc Chow. You'll have to eat a neighbor.
Okay, son. That's it! You're grounded.
Sorry. The Hooks live next door.
Sadly, Jim had every reason to suspect that whereabouts of his sweet little dog, Bonnie, were within arm's reach!
Eating out again?
Where's the newspaper carrier?
Another late night?
Have you seen the dog and cat?
Got cat?
Girls' night out? If only Fred didn't see you with a Cocodrilo de Rio at Ritz-Carlton's bar!
Tell the doctor it has lasted over four hours.
How many times have I told you to wipe your feet?
Tell me it's just a dead mouse on the doorstep.
Close the door, you weren't raised in a swamp.
Did you put the toilet seat down?
where's spot?
You keep eating the neighbors' pets and soon you won't fit through the door.
You're a "crocker spaniel?" Puh-leese!
I told you so many times, it's not the same jungle out there!
I said I'd see you LATER.
I knew you'd show up sooner or later.
She had a hat.
Grandpa's pet peeve.
I thought I said "In a while"
Our neighbor called. Were you playing with her cat?
I don't suppose you know where Tigger is?
What did you do with Buffy?
No, I'm all out of dogs thanks to you!
I knew I would see you later.
Who have you eaten now?
You can't break curfew just because I said, "Later, gator."
Did you wipe the slime off of your feet?
I wanted Fluffy to come inside on her own, not inside you!
Finally! I was about to call SPCA!
This is not how I envisioned my Miami Beach retirement!
I'm pretty sure I said I would see you later, Alligator!
You'd better have a schnauzer in there!
Give me a break. I was flushed into the sewers back in 1968.
Chasing squirrels?! What a croc!
Peter Pan is a myth.
I never should've gotten that pool.
No more inviting the neighbors' cats for dinner.
You ate the paper again didn't you?
I'll see you later.
Sorry, but I can't sublet this habitat.
Who's a good buoy?
I assume Mittens is in there somewhere.
No! Shedding tears won't make me change my mind.
Who are you, and where is Scruffy?!
Ok what swamp were you sleeping around in this time?
Happen to know where the neighbor's dog is?
Not funny...I'm getting tired of paying the mailman's dry cleaning bill.
Are you hear for the LaCoste ad?
Shame on you! I thought we agreed there would be no late evening snacks!
Out all night again. And that bertter not be lipstick on your snout.
Where is the dog?
You were supposed to be a Labragator.
Home at last! Couldn't find anything at the pond, eh?
You must be a Croc-er-spaniel.
I said "LATER"!!!
No Snowflake, I don't want to be a pair of boots either, but you can't stay here!
How was the wrestling match tonight?
I am astonished by all sorts and conditions of life.
Be honest this time - where is your friend Fluffy?
I said, "See you LATER, alligator."
See you later--it's hasn't been a while yet.
Should I make dinner or did you eat out again?
I knew he installed the wrong pet door.
"See ya later" was not meant literally.
Do you REALIZE what time it is, young lady?!
I don't care when the zoo closes, you said you'd be home by five.
Did you wipe your feet?
That door is for Whiskers. Where is she, anyway?
You're late again! Next time I'm locking the door.
You've been to the sewer again, haven't you?
For the hundredth time, please have the decency to knock first.
Just because you ate Fluffy doesn't mean you can live here.
Hey there, let's go surprise my wife!
Have you been eating the neighbors again?
Sparky! I know you're in there, and I told you to ask before bringing your friends over.
The neighbors called to complain that their poodle was missing. Do you know anything about it?
So just what did you do with Fido?
And the cat came back the very next day. You ARE in there, Puff ... ?
When you're under my roof, you'll follow my rules!
Where's grannie?
It's gross what you've been doing with my Alligator shoes.
No. 'Later Gator,' is not a specific time of night.
Did you remember to floss?
I gave been worried sick that a dog may have gotten you!
Look who's come crawling back...
Ms. Feeney called again...
Not so fast, buddy. You were supposed to stay in Everglades.
You fell asleep at the drive-in movie? Such a croc ...
When I said 'see ya later' it was not an invitation.
What a "crock," my cat now has scaly skin disease!
Whoa you stink, how many times have I told you to stay out of the sewers?
So, are you still having that shoe nightmare?
Cat got your tongue?
Let's look at the cat you dragged in.
Have you lost your sense of perspective?
I noticed the neighbor's poodle stopped barking.
Bad boy! There are coyotes out there.
Looks like Maurice isn't the boss anymore, Sunny is.
I suppose Mr. Boots gave you his key, also.
Amphibian or not, there are others in this house that need to use the bathtub, too.
Tick-Tock. Tick-Tock.
Honey, looks like our daughter sent you another free range, organic, cruelty-free purse for your birthday.
"That was more than a 'while' ... where were you"?
Fluffy's mother called; what have you done with her?
You can go, that was the last dog you ate!
Yeah, and your sick, stay-out alibi is a 'croc,' as well.
The people at the dog park are starting to ask questions.
Have you been eating the neighbor's pets again?
Is this what you meant by later?
Bad gator! How many times have I told you to knock before entering?
Have you been playing in the sewers again?
Wally! Yogi and Magilla have been here for half-an-hour. Let's play some cards.
Are you in there Sparky?
Kibbles, that hot sun has given your fur a reptilian, swamp-like quality.
How do swamps continually dry up?
No! I said GREET, greet the guests.
So, where is my paper?
'Where in the hell is Fluffy?'
He lost another bet with Blitzen.
I told you to use the doorbell.
You're late, and don't even.....your tears don't feel me.
Wipe your feet!
I’ve got nothing; this is why I don’t have a Twitter account.
Where have you been all night? I've been worried sick.
Oh, hi! I mean...woof?
Come on buddy, the pet store is running out of cats.
I guess your promise not to stay out all night was a total croc.
Were you eating the neighbors again?, Bad Gator!
When will you ever learn to knock?
Did you wipe your feet this time?
Why do you get so upset? It's just a song.
Did you wipe your feet? We don't want nobody gettin' no salmonelly.
Back to the sewers for you until we find out what happened to the kennel club finalists!
I told you to enter by the alligate, not the crocidoor.
Well, it's about time Mr. Boots! Now suppose you just tell me why I haven't heard the neighbor's dog barking for the last three days...
You need the laptop on the other end.
Who are you and what you done with Benji?
And you think I have Swamp Ass.
'See ya later'? That was two weeks ago!
Fido's biting your tail? Serves you right for using his doggie door.
oh shit hahahahahahaha i expected a dog
Mrs. Brown in 3B has complained that her dog is missing.
The doctor will see you in the lounge.
oh shit hahahahahaha i expected a dog wow this is great
You're late and you smell like a swamp again... you better get your act together soon or else it's gonna be See ya later Alligator
All you can eat buffet over, the cat died.
Stop tailgatoring me.
I knew that pet store was a crock.
The neighbor's dog stopped barking. You wouldn't happen to know anything about that would you?
Dale realized exactly who left the carcass in the bathtub.
Are we going to be getting another complaint from the mailman?
Where have you been? You look like something the cat dragged in...
And don't start with the waterworks!
Well. Fluffy! How do you like your new alley-gate-door?
Stay out all night like that again, and you’re a purse!
The label distinctly said "cat door."
Don't come crying to me!
That's the crocodile door!
Is it later already?
Honey, I think I know what became of Mittens...
You're late for dinner
When I said, 'See ya later,' I meant, like, tonight.
Spare me your tears!
"Move to Florida," they said, "You'll be close to Disney," they said.
Well, look what the cat died in!
Wipe your paws!
You've been gone a while
If you back out real slow we can pretend this never happened.
And how exactly did Meals Bayou say it gets to table?
Don't give me that mailman-eating grin.
Where have you been? Do you know what time it is?
You've been gone way longer than "a while."
Out all night in the sewers again?
You're certain you haven't seen the cat?
That there is a strange waste of teeth.
What part of 'See you later, alligator,' do you not understand?"
You ate the pizza on the way home again?
I distinctly said to be home by eleven and no more eating of relatives.
Have you been nibbling on the mailman again?
O.K. Everglades Sam, Where is my dog?
You haven't eaten anything out of you're dish today... by the way have you seen the cat?
I've told you before: that door's for the... Wait a minute. Where's the dog?!
Carrrrrrl, I said, "See you later..."
Mrs. Clancy wants to know if I've seen her poodle!
If you don't knock first, I'll be sending you to the shoe factory.
O k, where's Miss Kitty!
Honey, your replacement luggage is here!
What have you done with Dr. Millmoss's cat?
Hello there. Do you know why my cat hasn't come home yet?
Dino? Have you been eating the neighborhood dogs again?
O.K., Tick-Tock, you will return my child only if you do not return my child.
You are one late night away from becoming a purse and shoes.
'Later alligator'...does not mean 2:00 in the morning.
I told you "after-while."
Don't come in here looking like that!
When I asked you to go fetch, I didn't mean the dog!
You're not "Fluffy". What did you do with "Fluffy'?
Ok Dag, see that chewy? Now Nab It!
The neighbours called again about their missing beagle. Also, they don't believe you're really a Florida Gatorhound.
The neighbor just called, they're looking for their cat!
I hope you wiped your tail.
We just got another call from Captain Hook!
It was a figure of speech.
You've got that puppy eating grin on your face again. Am I going to hear from Mrs. Walters?
What's up, croc?
I left New York for a reason!
So where's the paper?
Eat one more neighbor and it's "see you later alligator."
Hunny for the last time, my eyesight's fine! Now Fido I said, 'Sit!'
I wanted this apartment re-tiled, not reptiled.
I yelled "Knock first," not "Knockwurst."
Where's the chihuahua?
How many times have I told you, that is an exit door only?
That's a hell of a way to bring in the dog
Were you down in the sewers again?
No, pussycat, I do not like your new crocodile boots.
You're one step away from becoming a handbag!
The toilet is for residents, only!
Seamless always effs up my order.
Back so soon? It hasn't been awhile.
Don't give me that crock!
You are NOT Kramer from "Seinfeld!!"
Been out painting the town red?
Spit him out.
I smell sewer again!
I thought I'd see you later!
Did you forget the pizza?
So you ate the canary?
You're not my crocodile, you're an alligator! Get outta here!
"In a while" means a few hours, not the whole weekend.
The Amazon delivery
How many times do I have to tell you to wipe your feet?
If you want a larger opening you will need to discuss with Rags!
Is that mud?
That was more than 'a while'.
How many times do I have to tell you? I don't have your pot.
The Johnsons called. They're missing another cat.
Wipe your feet on the way in, please!
Eating in, or shall I wrap up my wife to go?
They're suede, I swear they're suede.
What's that I smell on your breath?
Nice try, alligator. That door is for crocodiles only.
Ate her, gator?
Sit!
are you in there fluffy?
Get back out into the alley, Gator!
She's upstairs, first room on the left. She's upstairs, first door on the left.
I ordered a little horse.
So now you identify as a dog?
Get your mind out of the gutter
What did I say about wiping your feet?
That's the kitty's door! Did you eat her?
You're looking a little green today boy.
The cat's inside -- I'm your new pet.
Just because you ate Fluffy doesn't mean you get to use her door.
I said it's a Doggie door, dummy.
In the winter of '15-'16 the snow came late but heavy.
Have you been roaming the sewers again?
I keep telling you. It's much easier if you go out nose first.
And next time you talk back, I'm turning you into an octopus!
I was only being deferential in saying see you later.
This is not the alligadoor I ordered
That was not awhile.
Catch any mice?
What a croc!
Exothermic or not, I shouldn't have to tell you more than once to kennel.
hey bro
I believe I said "later, gator", not "in a while, crocodile".
'D'gone.... rogue".
I am all out of shirts.
If you've eaten the postman again, I'm making shoes out of you!
Pookie! What did I say about getting eaten?!
How can you think I would let you play with the dog after what happened to the cat?
Hector, you must be hungry about now!
Did you eat the mailman again?
What hour do you call this? Is that whiskey on your breath?
Sorry, I'm fresh out pets.
That's it, you're grounded!
Fess up. You ate our lousy neighbor.
Darn it, I can never remember what the difference is between and alligator and a crocodile.
Did Toodywoodles eat the neighbor's cat? Bad Toodywoodles.
I told you that you'd never find a decent pastrami sandwich in Florida.
Don't lie to me! I can smell the sewer on your breath!
Um... know this: I'm gamy, gristly, and on a low-sodium diet.
You're late again, you're grounded, and I don't want to see any of those crocodile tears.
Cutting down on joggers is hardly the same thing as giving up joggers altogether.
Hungry after a night on the prowl, are you, kitty?
These are not Crocs I'm wearing, for the last time.They are UGG.
Bob's last words: "Nice try, Fifi, but you're not fooling anyone with that lame disguise."
That’s odd. Alligators, not crocs, are indigenous to this area.
You better have a little smiling dog in there.
Who was dinner?
He's yappin' in the kitchen. We need to make this look like an accident.
Bad Gator! You ate the newspaper again didn't you.
Deep down body thirst?
My wife's dog is sleeping upstairs and I am not here, got it?
Did we wipe our feet?
And you swear you haven't seen my cat?
Is that your bad breath again or the cat next door?
Your tongue got the cat?
I told you that the Cayman Islands were not heaven on earth.
Another paper boy's gone missing!
One more post-person down that hatch, and it's an indoor croc for you.
How many times must I tell you to wipe your feet before you come inside.
So I put on a few pounds, don't judge me!
Shoo, alligator!
No more dachshund jokes, I promise.
Fluffy,Have you seen mrs.Parkers dog?
Pom, Toy, Yorkie, whatever, spit it out.
Well done, boy. That'll teach Mrs. Gunderson not to let her cats roam in our yard.
Mrs. Johnson called and said that her prize poodle just had a litter of six green puppies.
You just went out!
Well, I was expecting my cat. But I see you ate 'er, alligator.
In a way, climate change did cause all the poodles to disappear.
That was our last dog walker
I want to be angry but I don't know if you're a crocodile or an alligator
Damn it, I said "Don't let the door hit you on the way out!" That doesn't mean for you to let it hit you on the way in!
Have you seen the neighbor's dog?
Back so soon? I said in a while...
Another neighbor called about a missing cat, and I'm starting to really regret installing that door.
You always pick the hard way to do things.
That's a croc and you know it!
Why does your midnight "Walk" keep getting longer and who was your snack with this time ?
You're all bite and no bark!
If I have to call you one more time you'll be on your way to being a purse, belt and shoes for some lucky lady!
I guess KNOCKING is no longer cool!!
i meant to say 'investigator' not 'invest in a gator.'
Is that your stomach purring? Where’s Mittens?
Did you eat out again!
Slither right to your room, mister!
I suppose you came here to talk to me about my cat.
Don't tell me you again ate the mailman!?
Now where's your leash and Mother?
Well, well, well ... I knew I'd see you later.
Evolve!
What did you do with the key I gave you? I bet you ate that, too.
Did you eat the postman again?
You keep forgetting to get the newspaper.
Well! Look what dragged the cat in!
I don't care to hear about the wildebeast. Ten o'clock means ten o'clock.
But where's my $1 TV?
Did you remember to wipe your feet?
Your excuse for avoiding the service entrance is a crock!
Where's my boxer?
So what did you do with the dog?
So, you're part of Amazon's new delivery service.
Ok. I haven't seen Wiggles for a while, so I suppose you can have the cat food.
Don't make me get the citrus glaze!
Bad boy! You know that door is only for lemurs and sloths.
Fido, I hear you've been after Mrs. Howard's chihuahua again!
The couple in 4B called about FiFi
So I guess "in a while" means out all night?
Your wife told me she needed an exterminator, but I think I came too early...
Iguana know where you've been all night.
It's not quite "later", but welcome back.
You realize you scared our neighbor stiff last week, don't you?
I don't know how you can afford to eat out all the time
Back for more? My neighbor has a pair of great danes.
At first I'll leave it open only when she's taking a nap!
Honey, I think that alligator bag you ordered has arrived.
I'm Chris Hansen, and I have finally caught you.
The neighbors dog is missing, what have you been up too?
When I said 'See you later,' I meant it!
Myrna, I think Amazon has scrapped its Drone program.
Global warming or not, you can't just come in here to use our AC.
Hey, this isn't a pet hotel, quit crying and clean up your room.
So it seems it's always 'later' with you?
Mildred, Your mom's here!
Get comfortable. I'm about to explain why we cross the road
I told you...that calico next door, is just not into you.
Fluffy, did you take Daddy's eyeglasses?
At least you could've knocked!
Fluffy, have you seen my glasses anywhere?
I told you, I gave back the shoes already
Miley's here.
What do you mean Jingles is 'on holiday'?
You're kinda quiet. Swallow a neighbor?
Kitty, that's a terrible disguise for catching mice!
Putting a GPS homing device in Fifi's collar wasn't such a great idea after all.
I knew you couldn't reach the elevator buttons.
Eating my dog does not give you the right to use his door.
Oh Rex, did you go out to eat again? , I told you that's a no no.
What did I tell you about playing with the Peterson twins on an empty stomach?!?
You're late! And those tears won't get you anywhere.
what have you done with mister whiskers?
Where's my newspaper? Shall I assume this means another paperboy has mysteriously gone missing?
in for the night,fang
...And no more playing with the surviving Henderson children!
Either the pet shop screwed up, or you're the darnedest Dachshund I've ever seen
Did you finish your business?
Get back on my shirt.
We need to talk young lady: I know all about crocodile tears!
You had me worried sick! I've called every shoe store in the city!
Where's my bloody rare steak, mate?
No, we've not replaced Buddy.
Just because you ate Rocky doesn't mean you are entitled to his things!
Look, Fido--I've told you a thousand times not to play with the alligators.
If you don’t stop leaving dead humans under the bed I’ll have to make you an indoor gator.
What happened to "See ya later"?
...faster Ally, faster. You're letting all the cold air in...
When Gigi barks, you let her out, mister!
This doesn't bode well for Rover.
The deadbolt is NOT a strong enough deterrent.
Looks like you've been out getting low with your friends again.
This is the second time this week you forgot the paper
I guess you haven't seen my boots then ?
What do you mean, 'Mmmmm breakfast ?
Did you take care of the neighbors annoying kid?
Well look at what the cat dragged in... and was eaten by.
I hope you didn't spoil your dinner.
You come crawling in here at this hour with some croc of a story!
No. No. No!!! I told you that the swamp is outside, man!!! If you appear again to my house, I will call the Gator Boys!!!
You're one wildebeest away from being an outdoor croc.
You fight with the strength of many men sir home owner" "..." "I am Arther, king of the cracodogs
That's a lot of crock!
You look like the Cheshire Cat: just where have you been?! Mother and I have been worried all night...
There you are! I have been worried sick. Do I have to tell you again about my first gator? Ended up as a pair of shoes and a matching hand bag. Yes, he did.
Do you realize it's almost 3am and you wreak of bullfrog and catfish?
Just add a remote and he is good to go.
The Uber driver was gluten free!
And they all laughed when I invented the "Alligadoor."
I need a reason you were out so late, and make it snappy!
honey your purse is back
They canceled your mascot contract. The Gators wanted a scarier name, so now they're the Trump Hairdos.
Well, it's better than bed bugs.
Fluffy, I'm telling you--those Gucci kids are trouble.
No more biting the furniture.
Mrs. Swenson just called. Seems her koi pond is now just a pond.
I JUST GOT A CALL FROM OUR NEIGHBOR, HE SAID HIS DOG IS MISSING. YOU WOULDN'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THAT WOULD YOU?
Did you eat the lambs or will I see ewes later, alligator?
I'm warning you. If you stick with that diet, in a few months, you won't be able to get through the door.
You came home in time for your dinner.
And the co-op board "didn't foresee any issues" with Merlin moving into the building...
I said "see you later", not "see you a week later"!
I told you to stay outside today, Clifford!
Alright, spit out Fido.
This is why I don't hire contractors Sheryl! The alligator door isn't centered.
Bringing in another cat I see
Bad girl Suitcase! Where is the neighbor's cat?
If you eat any more of our neighbors you are not going to fit through the door.
i said after a while crocodile !
Did you use your recyclable Bio Bag ?
Are you the paper shredder guy? Well, it's in the dining room. Some kids these days
I hate it when she tracks marsh through the house, but at least she's hypoallergenic.
I can tell, you've managed to snag another poodle!
I did say shoes and pocketbook; but I never said alligator quiche or omlette.
When I said, 'See you after a while,' I meant for you to be home at curfew.
How was your weekend in Miami?
Rover? Are you in there?
Bad dog! Terrific alligator, but bad dog!
Honey, your new handbag came in.
Can you please knock first?
Mrs. Smith called again. Now her other cat's missing!
You're three hours late, and this time I'm not falling for those phony tears.
I'm going to ask you one more time...you sure you don't know where the cat went?
You litigators really do know no bounds.
I suppose you ate the cat.
Yes, they're new shoes, but it's no one you know.
Well, look what the cat-door dragged in.
Jim was reconsidering his croc-a-doodle purchase...
Now remember what I told you, my wife is upstairs, second door on the right.
Did the cats go out with you ?
After a while crocodile!
What happened? Did you forget your boots?
It hasn't been "a while" yet...
I already told you once, that's the alligator door. The crocodile door is on the other side of the house.
Too swamped to send a simple text?
Back doored by Florida...again...
What, no road kill?
I said 'in awhile' not two hours late!
Happy Tails Pet Salon just called again.
What part of "see you later, alligator" don't you understand?
I know I said "After a while crocodile", but this is ridiculous!
I thought I flushed you down the toilet!
We're you chewing the slippers again?
Young lady, do you have any idea what time it is?
Alright where's the dog?
Do you know what time it is ?
Gary, where did you leave your hat?
Where is Rusty ?
You call that a while, Crocodile?
Well you were gone for a while.
"Move to Boca," they said. "The whole family will love it," they said........
This is NOT The Lizard Lounge!
The Crockter will See you now
What have you done with Fluffy? (homage to Mr. Thurber)
I only have cat food
That's a crock! I told you to go do your business and come right back!
Cat got your tongue again?
Oh, thank God. This entire time, I thought Fido left because he didn't feel loved.
You're late.
I am sorry Mr. Alligator, Fido is taking a nap. He needs his rest. He cannot play with you.
So, what have you done with Fi-Fi?
Were the sewers closed?
Did you pass my dog outside?
And just where have you been, young lady? You're grounded!" "Wait. What?
you're who? That's a croc.
What have you done with Fluffy?
You can come in, but no death rolls.
Every time you go to The City you come home smelling like a sewer.
you look crooked
The neighbors just called ... do you know where Fluffy is?
I've already told you—we're out of chihuahuas!
Tub drain's not good enough for you?
How did you get Rusty's chip?
Where have you been? Gator-Aid was over hours ago!
You can buy me a drink later.
Good news, Martha. The luggage and the cat have arrived.
"BAD KITTY'
Wait. Didn't I see you on Youtube with my cat?
Another night in the sewers?
Come on, where's the doggie?
Bad dog I told you not to bring any of your friends home
Did you even go potty?
Okay I’ll explain it 1 more time….If my Mother-In-Law gets by you then you become a bag and matching shoes to go with the Pit-Bull fur coat that I gave her for her last birthday. Also to answer your question….Yes I used to have a watch dog.
Well, well: Look what (ate) the cat dragged in.
Have you been chasing the neighbor's cats again?
Got milk or not?
"In a while, crocodile" is just a figure of speech, Mister...!
Shoemaker around again?
So what's this mornings excuse? Swallowed your watch again?
I told you you'd better watch your ass
Just coming home from our sewer crawl are we?
Should I ask about Fido?
When I said see you later alligator...I didn't mean in 10 minutes...
You looked taller in your dating profile.
I was just kidding when I said I wanted to see you later.
Have you seen Timmy?
What are you doing back so soon? So much for "see ya later".
Don't look at me like that, I can smell it on your breath, you've been out tomcatting again
I suppose you ate Rover
Homeostasis? Touch the thermostat again, and your home will be an oasis!" OR "You don't see me leave the door open when I'm pooping.
No! … I did not dispose of a no longer fascinating pet boa constrictor in your neighborhood!
And who do you think you are? And where is Fifi?
You can bark all you want, but you're not Fluffy.
I don't care if all your friends hang out in the swamp.
I hope you dropped the cat back next door.
Honey eat a snickers.
Being house trained does not mean eating the neighbor's pet outside.
Ever heard of knocking?
The newspaper, not the delivery guy.
I thought you were on the Economy Snack Plan!
Cough up my schnauzer. Now!
I thought you were spending the day at the golf course.
and Fifi is where exactly?
Trump headquarters called. They need you for their next attack poster.
Meowing will not convince me your belong here!
Too soon Mr. Scruffy! I said see you later!
Did you forget how to knock?
Mrs. Jones who runs the puppy farm tells me you've been a very bad boy
What do you think this is, a golf course?
It's been a lot longer than 'after a while'!
I told you not to come in until you tinkled.
I'm all for this "New Year, New You" but the cat has taken it a bit too far...
Don't "meow" me.
Did you eat another girl scout?
What did I tell you about going outside? You'll catch your death of warm.
When I said "See you later" I meant before supper!
Do you know anything about Mrs. Arnold's missing poodle?
"See you later" was just a figure of speech.
So how does our infrastructure look to you?
Please do me the courtesy of spitting up the cat.
It is too soon to see you. We had an agreement: in a while crocodile.
What part of “see you later” don’t you understand?
Did I order from the wrong Amazon?
This is your idea of 'later?'
So what happened to Fido?
I told you, Crocs were so 2015!
How many times do I have to tell you to clean your claws at the edge of the swamp before you come in the house.
You went to the plastic surgeon AGAIN?
Just a wild guess, but I think you know what happened to our dachshund.
OK - where's Fluffy!?!?
When I said, "see you later", that did not mean you can waltz back into this house whenever you feel like it.
Out chasing pussy again I suppose?
That was a long while, crocodile!
Your reason for coming home late is a bunch of croc.
Now Mr. Nibbles! What did you eat this time?
Save me the tears, missy
This is my house, you will live under my rules!
Have you been out pub crawling again?
I was expecting to see you later.
My guess after I take care of 'YOU', is that I'm not going to need the Kitty's door for awhile!
I hope you have the newspaper and not the delivery boy.
When the neighbors said there's a big scary dog terrorizing the block I said 'That's a croc!'
I thought you promised to be home "in a while."
I told you the pool was closed!
No you don't. Go back and do #2.
Could you be any later?
Please wipe that cat eating grin off your face.
Sparky's not here. You ate him last week, remember?
Give me back the dog and I'll let you crash in the tub.
You better have wiped your feet!
"IT'S AFTER TEN DON'T EXPECT ME TO MAKE SUPPER" !
Don't "Honey-I'm-home" me!
Really??! Again??!! I just cleaned the floor Doug, and here you come waddling in, after a night of who knows what out in those darned Everglades. I just don't know. And wipe that stupid grin off your face!
Is it a gate or door?
Ha forgot your new winter coat.
Where’s my yoga mat?
Oh. You said you weren't coming back for a while.
Out all night again? I'm going to have to have you fixed you bad, bad boy.
I suppose you are here to borrow the croc pot again, aren't you?
Well, well, well. Look what El Niño dragged in.
Hey! I said "After while."
I guess he didn't think I was kidding when I said "See ya later, Alligator."
I don't suppose you can sit, lay down and roll over.
Gator table cool!
Don't come crawling back to me after that pool party stunt.
The golf course called, again, golfers are not your personal buffet.
Jackson! Have you seen Churchill? Did you say something about a bet you made on the Georgia/Florida game?
Gators gonna gait.
Do you have any idea what time it is? Go to your lake, mister.
I don't suppose you've seen Muffy.
Did you bring any swamp in with you?
Stay out all night again and you're a Birkin.
So.... any idea what happened to the neighbor's cat???
You didn't happen to see a little white terrier on your way in, did you? Well, I see that fetching the newspaper without eating it needs a little work.
So, you just caiman?
He's having his dinner and he won't be yours.
Are you here to collect the reward for the missing dog?
You'd better explain where you've been, Princess!
What is that? A Gator-Aide.
Last time I checked, I had a dog.
And this time no crocodile tears!
You can stop with the crock crock jokes.
Maybe this will teach you to stay of the bio-lab's garbage cans on pickup day, Spot.
Where is Rover?
No paper, no canned tuna for breakfast!
The reward is for the dog, not the collar.
Well, it's about time, you caiman!
IT'S "DOG GONE" COLD OUT THERE
The El Niño effect is causing many animals to search for new homes
Stop complaining! You said you wanted a private entrance.
I think you took your Viagra a little too soon.
Cough up my toupée.
And, just where is Fifi?
You know, Freddie, sometimes I wish I'd never ordered that alligator handbag from IKEA.
And I thought see you later alligator was just an expression....
What about "see you later" didn't you understand?
Second door on te right you'll find my mother-in-law.
Well, well, look who's back from the sewer!
Sorry, the wife's not home.
The picture of the well known urban legend.
You can't just waltz in here and demand another Zumba lesson.
Well I guess that's why the box said not for use in Florida.
I thought I said 'after while, crocodile'.
And you call yourself a cockerdile?
"You aren't going to give me that story about the prince, the pumpkin, and and the glass slipper again. It's two o'clock in the morning.
Don't give me those tears, you're late. Now go to your room.
Oh sure! You show up at dinner time but when I want to snuggle you're nowhere to be found!
"I know it's a cliché, but I clearly said, see you later alligator"!
Well, well, well. Look what dragged in the cat.
I suppose you want me to tell you open up and say to say "AHH".
That didn't take very long!
Back so soon? I said I'll see you later.
The least you could do is wipe your feet, or claws.
You're not Rover. What happened yo Rover?
What part of "until later" didn't you understand?
Sit. Roll over. Spit out the dog.
I *said*, 'see ya later.'
If this makes you my new best friend, we have a lot of work to do.
This is a very stupid cartoon.
Where's your collar?
I said that I'd see you later!
Already? I told you I'd see you later.
Well Rusty, I Know you're in there, playing his brain like a piano
I wonder if there's time to cancel my DIY taxidermy membership.
You did say you'd see me later...but not this late.
I'm guessing the cat's not using it any more ?
If you think being a gator means you can waltz in that door as late as you please, you've got another thing coming, mister.
It's just an expression!
Are you sure you want in? You know you just ate.
Doggone it
AM I BEING DETAINED? AM I BEING DETAINED? AM I BEING DETAINED? AM I BEING DETAINED? AM I BEING DETAINED? OFFICER, AM I BEING DETAINED?
Really, Gail, you must knock first. You've scared the crap out of Fido!
I dare say, this is after a wild time.
Honey, Fido got into my protein shakes again...
I've told you-no one is going to draft you for the gator bowl.
Now roll over and play dead.
Sid, these late night forays must cease, you're packing on the weight.
What the heck is an alligator doing here in Oregon? And what'd you do with Fido?
You are late and you are grounded
In Florida you were a pet. In Manhattan you're an accessory.
Did you wipe your feet on the towel?
I know I said "See ya later" - but 2:00 A.M.?
Well, you'll be crying real tears if I miss my Skype interview.
Can you at least put on your Crocs before you dirty up the floor?
No.We're not swamp equipped, we're ramp equipped. Damn auto-correct.
It pays to use a dummy in the HOV lane. We made record time.
ask for a gated entrance, sure enough you end up with a gator entrance...
You keep on breaking curfew, you're gonna end up in the sewer.
I'm sorry, but I don't buy that "if it walks like a dog, if it barks like a dog...."
You wouldnt know anything about the cat missing would you?
Good Gator, wiping your feet this time!
I told you to dry yourself before coming in for dinner.
Don't tell me you once again ate the groceries I asked you to get.
I know the Everglades aren't what they used to be, but you can't stay here
Is that you, Tick Tock?
"Bad corocodile you eat the Postman again didn't you".
You said it would be "later".
Get your tail out of here.
Well this is unexpected. . . an alligator coming in through my crocodile door!
I'm beginning to suspect you're not a purebred!
Don't look all innocent. The Franklin's poodle is missing and you know exactly where it went.
And where's my paper?
Westminster Kennel Club called; you're not welcome anymore.
Nope, couldn't find Flat Stanley, but here's Flat Henry!
I've been worried sick; is that your idea of "in a while?"
Have YOU seen the car keys?
Fido, go find my glasses.
You better not bite the hand that feeds you.
O K, now spit him out!
Did you wipe your feet before coming in?
Hey! You're tracking in dirt.
When I say "After while" on a school night, I mean 9 p.m. sharp!
Did you get into the garbageman again?
Dammit, Stanley, did you have to go and eat the mailman? I was expecting an important package.
I suppose this is later.
If you have eaten Mrs. Johnson's cat again, I swear you're losing your in and out privileges again.
Visitors need to knock
Hey, you're not muffin.
So, this is later. It's been awhile.
Oh, for the... I meant I wanted the SHOES!
I hope you're going to say 'trick or treat'.
So that's where my dog went.
I told Spot you couldn't be trusted.
Crocdogquirrel, my foot!
Have you been eating clocks again? That ticking keeps me up all night.
Can I help you?
Florida.
Komodo.com sure delivers fast.
I love you, but you're the ugliest dog on the block.
Xylophone lacertus at your service !
Gatorade? Seriously?
I sure hope you ate my dog, because otherwise you're trespassing.
You said use the back. If it fits, it ships.
Don't Let The Door Hit You On The Way Out
I ordered shoes.
There you are, you naughty boy! Did you eat the postman again?!?
Yuck.
When I flushed you down the toilet and said "see ya later alligator", I didn't mean it literally.
If you have anything to do with my missing cat, then you really are cold blooded.
Don't think that just because you ate Fido, you can take his place.
"See you later" doesn't mean two weeks.
You're early.
For the last time Terry, you are not what you eat.
Hey Marge, you can stop making those posters for Fifi.
Year 2030: Sit. Stay. Rollover. Good boy!
Remind me, how do you know Fluffy?
All I said was that I needed stuff for my table.
So — you've come crawling back.
Did you wipe your feet? You know how the mud collects in your webs.
No hello? We're you raised in a sewer?
If you've come to apologize about the "puppy incident," I'm sorry, but I'm just not ready yet.
So you're a crocodile, not an alligator. I still want to know what happened to the cat.
I thought I was going to see you later.
How many times have I told you? Your door is through the toilet!
I can't wait to introduce you to the neighbor's poodle.
I see we've been alligatting around again.
Enough with the 'crocodile tears'. Where have you been and why are you so late?
Where's your brother? I said I wanted Crocs for Christmas.
If you keep eating the neighborhood pets you'll never fit through that door again!
Eating our dog does NOT give you pet status!
Did Spot Six take off without you, boy? Those damn dogs are always running away.
I told you not to come back without Fluffy.
That was more than awhile, crocodile
You're lucky the landlord is unfamiliar with the term 'gator trap'.
I said there's not enough room for you. You're just going to have to wait until your mother finishes her bath first.
Now go get me the newspaper
Enough of the crocodile tears!
Where is everybody?
Is that 'dog' I smell on your breath ?
Yes, it is later and it has been a while
When it's too hot outside, use the Gator Aid.
You can make it all the way if you stop wagging your tail.
Where's Fido?....and no crocodile tears this time.
So this is the new Electrolux?
Eat one more person and you won't fit through that door.
No dogs in here, you ate 'em all.
I hope you cleaned your teeth first.
More like latest!
Where’s the Times? Don’t tell me you ate it again.
I told you to be home by dinner time or it's no 'Three Little Pigs' for you.
What did I say about seeing you later?
It is time to get out of your Halloween costume, Max.
You're not going out like that.
I knew I should have married a cat person.
Just be aware that if you eat the neighbor's dog you won't fit through for 48 hours.
I'm guessing your bite is worse than your bark.
I knew Rubio wasn't the worst part about Florida...
So...what do I tell the neighbors when they knock on the door looking for their pets?
Yes, I know the doggie is in your tummy, but you still don't get to use the doggie door!
You can watch Hannity, then back in the moat.
What?! Jacuzzi not warm enough?
Unless my Pal's inside you, you have no business using that door!
Fluffy! Did you eat another dog walker?
You can't use the doggy door just because the dog is inside you.
Can't you and the cats just get along?
I warned you that golf course isn't dog-friendly.
I wouldn't say the cat dragged it in, but it certainly had something to do with it being here.
Well, somebody is gonna have to scrungus this crocomungus....hgfkapwkrnv
Maybe "you are what you eat," but you still can't use that doggy door.
F*ck you Uber.
You missed your lunch. The mailman already came.
Oh, fine! We finally win the "Hamilton" lottery, and you're off gutting a deer.
What part of "See you Later..." did you not understand?
At least I have a tail.
Leonard, you know we expect you to make curfew when go off to the rivers and ponds with your buddies.
That was nowhere near "a while"!
Look what dragged in the cat.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times; please wipe the swamp grass from your feet before you come in.
What mailman?
Fluffy, are you there?
No. You're too old for the litter tray.
I knew that sewer thing was an urban myth.
What part of 'See You Later, Alligator' don’t you get?
When I said later, I meant by 7:30!
No, I don't know were you left it, and of course I know what your pocketbook looks like.
I swear Smiley, you are about two small dogs from a cabbage soup diet.
That's it, no more Baywatch for you.
"I told you to come through theoat". "I told you to come through the moat".
I told you it does not matter even if you are listed under the endangered species act
You're never around when I need a hand!
I know how you feel, it's an alligator eat dog world out there.
'I'm glad to see you're no longer in da' Nile."
You better be crawling back to me!
Lick my boots!
Didn't I say see you later alligator.
Well that certainly would be a Trojan.
Do I need to remind you about the curfew?
And just which unique skill can you provide that we can't already source here?
Yea I heard that story before. What a croc.
Just tell me you didn't eat your date again.
Haven't I warned you not to go out to eat!
The neighbors think you`re responsible for their missing pets, but I think it`s a croc`.
This is not a Horn & Hardart's.
Well, it's certainly been a while.
Caption for Jan 4th contest I told him not to O.D. on VIAGRA!
Guess you didn't roll with the Tide this year?
No, these are suede.
If you get the carpet dirty, you're luggage
When I said 'see ya later' I meant later!
The AirBnB is the upstairs apartment
Hey, you're not Ralphie!
How many times have I told you to wipe your feet before entering?
What did I tell you? Don't leave your Crocs by the door for everybody to trip over.
The homeowner's association sent me another warning, Spike. You had better stay in our own yard until this latest wave of missing cats and small dogs blows over.
Where is the mailman?
Didn't I say that I'd see you later?
You're going to have a hell of a hangover.
Another "Three Dog Night", I suppose?
Why does the postman never ring twice here?
What have you done with the cat?
You are an instigator.
No Steve! You Know you cant take a sun bath in here.
...and THIS is why I wanted a cat.
What were you doing out there? Not bothering "Snuffles" I hope.
After a while crocodile is an expression. I expected you to be back on time for dinner.
How was the Elton John concert?
I see you forgot to bring the gift.
Did you make?
How many times have I told you to wipe your feet before you come in from the Everglades?
How many times do I have to tell you to use the pool entrance!
Don't act surprised. You knew you could lose that shirt logo model job if you didn't watch your length.
No, i'm not wearing my Crocs today.
I know what you did to Duke so technically, yes its still a dog door
The neighbours called again...and you didn't even remember to pick up milk!
I told you not to roam the sewers before dark!
When I say "see you later alligator" it doesn't mean you can stay out all night.
I think you're supposed to be in The Far Side
Where's Timmy?
"Next time you have to go use your Alligator box".
Stop blocking the door! I need to crawl out too.
The dogcatcher called... said something about a turf war!
Your crustaceans are getting cold.
o o O O I told Fluffy moving to the Everglades was a bad idea
You don't look like Woofie.
And the cat?
I knew we shouldn't have taken the door with us when we moved to Florida.
If you sneak out at night, you’ll be a briefcase by morning.
I know I said "Later Gater" but not his late.
Our plan was for you to wait OUTSIDE for Snickerdoodle.
If you're late again, I'm calling Louis Vuitton.
I am worried something bad might have happened to the paper boy.
And another door always opens.
i saw you walking with someone else today.
Conde Nast's direct mail is getting more and more aggressive.
I found another rabies tag under your bed.
That's it! I'm building a wall and YOU are gonna pay for it!
Tom Wurnell called and he's hopping mad, you naughty gator! His mastiff litter was born with green scales and overlapping teeth.
I think that Halloween costume is too scary for a Pomeranian.
At least you don't bark.
I was worried sick. No phone call. No note. No "See ya later."
And where, may I ask, is Fido?
Honey, we're not in Kansas anymore.
One thing Bernie Sanders forgot: the old man can't fly.
Open your mouth!
Didn't I say "See you later"?
Wait a minute.... you're not the allegator I got for Christmas!
Clever disguise, Elmo, but you're still a chihuahua.
Thank you for coming. My wife needs a new purse.
Hi, Honey, I'm home.
Try to keep a low profile.
I saw your ad in a pool of her own blood and everybody wants to buy an alligator.
I know this is Florida, but you still can't go out without a leash.
Would you quit dragging your tail?
And if I find water buffalo guts under the sofa again, that door is getting locked down!
I have no more dog food.
and when your talking to Mrs Shmantz you will describe her twin babies as cute not yummy
I don't care how many you ate - that's still the wrong door.
Marge, come see what the cat let in.
I did warn you Whiskers... Once you start with cosmetic surgery you just can't stop.
I told you not to come back until you wiped that smile off your face.
And don't gimme ... 'That's a Crock' ... 'That's a Crock'!
Use the back door next time -- the cat is starting to suspect something.
Just because your friends are here, doesn't mean you have to act like you were raised in a swamp!
What does a "while" mean to you?
I knew this would backfire.
Not until you open your mouth. Fluffy?
We need to talk about your definition of "a while."
I said "Here, KITTY, KITTY!"
You must be the 'Cajun Guard Dog' on the loose.
Well, well, look who's been out staying up all day?
You haven't been eating your vegetables now have you?
That's when I realized Ted was right. It was a bad idea to install a pet door to the alligator enclosure. But then I thought, "Hey, it's ok. He just ate." I guess Ted's the stupid idiot after all.
Just FYI, I'm not buying this "Alli-doodle" thing.
What part of "see you later" didn't you get?
Bad boy, Croc... You of all people should know when you've stayed out past your curfew.
Before global warming, I would at least get a knock.
Now whose dog is missing?
Fine, Mister New-Age-of-the-Reptiles! But if the Paris Accords succeed, you have to leave.
I understand your stance, but those crocodile loafers were $2,000 dollars!
The Carsons called. You were wrestling with Timmy again. Cough him up.
If you keep pooping in their yard the Johnsons are going to make boots out of you...
That shoe company left another message. Would it kill you to call them back?
How many times must you be told that when you leave the house without wearing your collar, you frighten people.
Wipe that Shih Tzu eating grin off your face!
Did you eat Mrs. Smith?
You're early. The Florida primary is in March.
When I said "See ya later, Alligator," I didn't mean, "After a while, crocodile."
So you ate her, alligator?
So what kind of tale have we this morning?
Didn't think I'd see you until later.
Don't give me those crocodile tears. You KNOW what time it is!
Welcome to Florida!
Better than the toilet, right?
Daddy needs a new pair of shoes.
This DIY leather briefcase kit might be trickier than I thought.
I don't care if it is cold outside, you cannot stay in here!
That's not what I was thinking when you asked for 'Gatorade'.
I am not going to tell you again, get your tail in here.
I can smell your dog breath? We talked about this.
I told you that I'd see you later.
I found a hand and an alarm clock in the litter box. Explain.
I knew you'd come crawling back.
I better not find any regurgitated golf shoes tomorrow.
For the last time, my name is Chaplain Cook.
HONEY!.... You'll never believe what the cat dragged in.
Come here, and make it snappy!
Just because you're prehistoric, doesn't mean you can come and go at your leisure.
Mr. Smee, The Later Years
I told you the golf course would be dead today.
I said 'fetch my Crocs.'
Not so fast--alligators have to use the back door.
For years... YEARS... I've said, 'See you later' every day when I left for work. And now it comes out that you're a CROCODILE?!?!
Three locks? That's a crock!
That damn alligator detector never works right.
WHAT have you been up to in the neighborhood? My voicemail is SWAMPED with angry messages!
Visiting your buddies at the shoe store again?
Your food's in a bowl in the kitchen, and no more of that death-roll drama.
The pet door is not your personal backscratcher, you know.
Who's been shedding on the couch again?
Where are the shoes? I thought Amazon took care of 'everything'.
That dog had better be right behind you Mister!
When you are new to Florida.
Yes, we had a deal but eating the cat does NOT give you inside privileges!
Your paws are filthy. Go lay down!
Honey! I said "Order Crocs!!!"
Well I see you finally got a taste of the neighborhood...
The unwelcomed arrival of a pun.
Oh Great, you look nothing like your Tinder photo...
You back already? What part of see you later don't you get?
When we agree your curfew is midnight, that means midnight, not 12:15, not 12:30.
I should scold you but it'd probably come back to bite me in the end.
I don't care what you identify as.
"Traffic? What a Crock"!!!
I asked you to pick up milk!
You didn't look like this when you went out this morning.
Did you remember the Gatorade?
You're late. Tea was at 4:30.
Been dining out, have we?
If you eat any more neighbors' pets, you won't fit through the door.
Lassie, have you been drinking the fracked water?
Mrs. Green called to ask if I'd seen Fluffy.
I said bring my cat, not eat my cat!
Remember. You're only here because of the condo association's policy against dogs and cats.
Please explain how some of your physical traits resemble an alligator whiles others resemble a crocodile.
Well, technically speaking your dog did just use his door.
Thanks for the half-eaten jogger on my bed this morning.
Don't tell me you've been swallowed by a Komodo dragon again.
that was not to be used to aide the gator.
We really don't have room for a rescue alligator.
Did you eat another cat?
Works only for dogs? What a crock!
Worst invention 2015: The Gator Gate.
Problems with the moat again?
Tears won't work this time, young lady.
You didn't happen to see a couple of puppies out there, did you?
I told you not to play in the sewers!
You know yer s'posta stay in the moat durin' the day.
When I said see ya later, I didn't mean in two weeks!
I liked my old dachshund better.
Not the Gatorade I had in mind.
For the last time—they’re embossed leather!
Mrs Jackson says her dog is missing.
You haven’t been out roaming the sewers again, have you? You haven’t been out roaming the sewers again, have you? You haven’t been out roaming the sewers again, have you? You haven't been out roaming the sewers again, have you?
Damn it, Reggie. Wipe your feet.
There are no more doggy treats.
You haven’t been out roaming the sewers again, have you?
You're not Ruffy the dog!
I smell perfume on your breath! Who was she?
That was more than a while, Doug.
Hold it right there, I need to wipe the mud from your feet.
Satisfied?
Go put Mr. Bastrop back in his lawn chair right now!
I know you said later, but that was three days ago!
You forgot to floss again. You still have a piece of mother stuck in your teeth.
In a while? My foot!
I presume you're expecting dinner.
Are you my Uber?
I thought you were clean? Now I hear you're no longer going to Alligator's Anonymous and the neighbor's cat is missing.
You ate Fido and now you want Fluffy?!
That was like ten years ago...when I flushed you.
Um...no mail the last few days, so you wouldn't know anything about the mailman?
Florida man....
If you eat another of the neighbors cats, I'm gonna make a pair of shoes out of you!
That better not be sewer gas I smell.
Fifi! What have you done with my glasses?
Obviously we need a more species-neutral term than doggie door.
Do I want to know what happened to your leash and collar?
What do you mean, "You're bringing home my dog"?
NO NO NO! I ordered Crocs!
I've got to get out of Florida.
I know. It's a jungle out there.
Where have you been Rex? Now come and help me find my glasses.
See you later alligator does not necessarily mean stroll in any time you please....especially on a school night young man!
Com'on peaches, give daddy a kiss.
Well, well, well - look who finally crawled out of the sewer.
I told you longhairs are hard to digest.
Who let the croc out...woof...woof...woof!
Pookie! Miss. Blevins and her luggage were waiting outside for a cab -- not for a certain young alligator's sexual gratification!
The Alligat-door was a much better pun than reality.
For the hundred time, wipe your feet before coming in the house
Living the "You are what you eat" motto, are you?
I'm afraid 'see you later' does not give you the privilege of being late!
You won't find your eggs in here.
You missed your curfew again!
It's not clear to me which one of us is endangered.
I knew I should have put a no alligators allowed sign on our dogie door.
I was just kidding when I said "see you later alligator" because after a while I knew you were a crocodile.
You're lucky stand-your-ground laws are only applicable to humans.
'Later' is one thing. Three a.m. is another.
I know what you did to Whiskers. Don't give me those crocodile tears!
Did you lose your keys again?
Tasted like chicken?--who are you and what have you done with Bailey?
You look like the cat that ate the canary. By the way, where's the cat and the canary?
Too good to come up through the toilet, are we?
Oh, too evolved to use the toilet, are we?
I know that look...who or what did you eat now, Lyle?
I said I'd see you IN A WHILE.
Wait a minute; you're not a miniature horse.
See you later?" No, that was clearly "After a while
Well, what do you think of these two paintings I just hung on the wall?"
My dog looks different...global warming?
I knew you'd come crawling back sooner or later!
Where have you been, young lady?
You left with the cat.
I am a Black Belt, and if you don't get the hell out of here you'll soon be one too.
I told you to stay away from the community pool.
Feeling endangered out there?
What, no dinner? Go back out and prey.
So, you're looking for the gecko?
So glad _you_ had a great sleepover with Lyle.
You're here to train me to beg?
I always knew you'd come crawling back.
It's been awhile, crocodile.
I'm sorry but I warned you not to expect a cute rhyme when you returned.
Leave. You are not what you eat.
How many times have I told you not to come into this house with those wet feet and that Trump attitude
Finn! Where did you leave mittens? (Global warming limits Floridian's pet choices.)
And pray tell, what is that crooked smile supposed to mean...
Did my dog tell you where he lived before you ate him?
OK, Bob, how're you getting so big on a vegetarian diet??
Do you want to go on a walk, Fido?
"Yes I know it's so hot dragons want to retire but you can't come in the "Tastes Like Chicken" restaurant unless you are a service gator assisting a person with disability. No, I will not search the bar for Capt. Hook. Good day, sir.
I thought I'd said, "See you later, alligator!"
How many times must I tell you? You won't evolve any faster in here.
Eating the dog does give you the right to use the dog door.
I told you, they wouldn't let you take the bar exam.
Don't tell me you ate the newspaper again.
Tell him to stop playing dead.
I've already told you, Captain Hook doesn't live here
You didn't think to mention, girl, that Timmy fell into a swamp?
Marsha, did you buy a green dachshund?
The city really is turning into a sewer these days...
What makes you think you're invited to watch this week's Shark Tank?
Well, well, well. Look what the cat in your belly dragged in.
I don't have my glasses, Maud, but I think the neighbor's Dachshund snuck in again.
Ways to Die #632: Nearsighted in Florida
Charlie, it's not Halloween.
Now, get in the bathtub!
You're no Rottweiler
What have you done to kitty?
Hi Gator, Ally said to meet her at the Time Square sewer.
"Congratulations, you won the Ugliest Dog Contest".
Didn't anyone ever teach you to knock first?
Honey, your shoes aren't quite ready.
So your 10:00 p.m. curfew means nothing to you?
I swear, you must be the most entitled crocodile in the neighborhood!
No wonder you're sneaking in so low. You're already an hour late.
Look who decided to come home for dinner.
Wipe that crocodile smile off your face and tell me where's the cat!
It was "awhile" hours ago.
Fido, you're not looking like yourself these days. And, you've hardly touched your dinner in the kitchen.
Alright Chomp, where's our dog?
Missing curfew again? I never should have let you listen to that crocodile rock.
"And who did we just eat".
I hope this thing is hypoallergenic.
You misunderstood "Here boy"
Hiding in an Alligator won't save you from punishment young man!
This isn't my Amazon delivery.
Well, well... look who came crawling back.
Have you been visiting that loafer next door again?
Bad dog! How many times have I told you not to play with the alligator!
What's the matter, tongue's got your cat?
For the last time - go out all the way in order to do your business!
I told you they were only Guccis
If you are looking for your friend-he is in the closet
I know that look! Where's Sparky?
I know that walk of shame...now who did you eat?!
No cookie for you!
Where's my wife?
The Everglades is the other way.
Back to 'drop the kids off at the pool' again?
What part of "In a while" didn't you understand?
You ate the dog last week. This isn't a vending machine.
Did you seriously think you'd find Mr. Right cruising the sewers?
Stopped for fast food again, I see.
What part of 'See ya later..." do you not understand?
Now what have you been rolling around in?
Well, my lease says i can't have crocodiles. It says nothing about alligators. The pool's in the back".
I told you it was snowing outside.
No! Sadie cannot come out and play right now.
Well , well , well , look what dragged the cat in .
Don't think I didn't see you try to death roll the mailman.
Do you have anything to tell me? Mrs Stevens called about her cat again.
Where is my trophy?
I hope you did your business before coming in.
I'm sick of your crocodile tears.
You're home for dinner--nothing good in the sewers?
Shower clogged again?
Fuck you, gator. That is a goddamn doggy door and I sure-as-shit won't have a fucking gator in this house
Didn't I tell you to use the back door?
Really?!!!!!
Where's your flea collar?
Didn't I just say "See ya later?"
If you think that toothy grin will get you anywhere, you're wrong.
Well I guess you'll be Baxter for the next 2-3 days.
As you well know, dinner's not until 7:00!
Jethro, you fibbed.
"Later" does not mean all night!
I can't believe you forgot to pick up a gallon of milk while you were out!
Out swamping until 3 a.m.? You go right to bog this minute!
Spit that cat out right now!
Didn't we discuss not using that as a back scratcher?
When I said "later" I didn't mean the middle of the night.
The neighbors are getting suspicious....
Do you have any idea what era it is, young man?
I thought you were going to stop and get some fish for dinner.
I thought I ordered an Ottoman in Alligator print...
Oh no you don't, that's the ALLIGATOR door!
An entire year is NOT what "in a while" means.
What part of 'later, alligator' didn't you understand?
Kitty, what big eyes you have!
You were gone for longer than awhile, crocodile.
Alli, one last warning; wipe your feet or else your are going back to the Everglades!
So this is their pet-check procedure I didn't fully pay attention to.
Guess you found out that it's not a jungle out there?
OK Fido. Were's the cat?
Okay, where is Rex !?!?
Listen! You are great fun, but you live NEXT door!
I told you to stay in the Pool!
Alli, don't give me that innocent look. What did you do with Fido?
Honey, you always said three cats isn't enough. I just found someone who agrees.
Really? You thought I said the guests at my pool party would be tapas?
Any reason you can't just ring the doorbell so you don't sneak in?
Just a minute, I'll get my wife. You'll find her tastier than me.
Just remember. One mess and you're on your way to Gucci!
Now, I hope that's not your "I ate the poodle from 3-G" face.
The dog's come down with psoriasis!
I suppose it's no surprise that Florida is full of ancient, leather-skinned, cold-blooded crocks.
You think you can just crawl back in here?
And What is YOUR name Party? Conservative or liberal?
Close your eyes honey; your birthday present has arrived.
How do I tell my wife what happened to her dog? Very carefully.
This is a croc!
Don't give me that innocent look, I can still hear him meowing in there.
If you don't stop eating the neighbors dogs your T-shirt logo modeling career will be over!
Your bite is certainly worse than your bark.
If you're looking for Mr. Snuggles---he should be home soon.
Gena, Dont tell me you left Chebaruska in the sewage again.
Another missing golfer? I told you those spiked shoes aren't good for your digestive track!!
This is the last frozen asset I'm bringing home.
When you say you'll walk the dog, you're supposed to come back with the dog.
It's not later, nor has it been awhile.
You again? I told you it's a "no reptile" building.
So what are we having for supper?
Didn't I say after while?
Hey Bootsy, have you seen the neighbor kid?
I hope you didn't fill up on poodles before dinner.
It looks like Republican candidates finished feeding their pets?
What's for dinner!
When I yelled "Dinner's ready" I didn't expect you'd all arrive at once.
If you bite the mailman again i will make a purse out of you !
Honey , what have you been feeding this cat!
Hey, that's the cat door! Where IS the cat?
Best selfie accessory money can buy.
May I remind you I haven't played that Captain Hook role in ages
When you said 'see you later,' and I said, 'in a while,' I didn't think it would be two weeks, Gary!
I'm pretty sure I ordered by snail mail.
Remember our deal..
You are past curfew
You're not my dog, so leave and don't give me any tears.
Bad boy! Kindly remember that this is Florida and you are scaring the renters.
Honey, I need some gator aid!
I hope you ate out!
My neighbor's chihuahua is missing.
Lemme guess, it's a swamp out there.
Neighbor’s Shih Tzu’s missing, know anything about that?
Great shoes. Are they Crocs?
Mother-In-Laws NEVER knock!
Hope you remembered to wipe your feet.
'But I ordered a handbag and a matching pair of shoes.'
I’m not going to see Max again, am I.
Late again and smelling of FedEx!
Not you, Samson. By the way, where is Fido?
Good news, Marjorie. Fluffy's remote still works.
Are you sure it was just a snack?
"Do you have any idea what time it is"?
Do you know anything about the neighbor's missing cat?
No, Fluffy is not our only cat. Why?
You smell like the sewer !
His bites way worse than his bark.
What did you do with Spot?
Your breath smells like first grader.
you're not Rover.
Did you get permission from Fluffy to use the cat flap?
I hate to have to tell you that your toothing problems are no concern of mine.
Have you been in the neighbor's swamp again?
Where's Fido? I left him at the beach.
Excuse me, thats an alligator door, not a crocodile door.
Do you know what time it is?! You had me and your mother worried sick!
Don't look so shocked, and no tears! You know you're late for dinner.
Make up your mind. Either in or out.
Didn't I flush you down the toilet in the 6th grade?
Bad, bad boy Mr. Humphries.
Maude, we better open a second can of food.
Did you lose your shoes again?
‘Later’ already?
Honey, someone's here who can discuss the disappearance of Fluffy Number Three.
Look at me! Did you eat another neighborhood child?
Did you chase the mailman or eat him?
That's it, honey, I've had it with Florida, we're moving back to New York
You are not suppose to eat the golf bag!
Damn-it,Ed,say,'trick-or-treat,'say it!!
Hey! Inn Florida that was OK, but not here in Duluth.
Well, well! I haven't seen you in a while, crocodile.
You've got A LOT of nerves!
Have you seen Missy and Tigger?
I know you're swamped but I expect you to be home in time for dinner.
Its time to train your replacement intern.
Now, Garfield, you're two months late for Halloween...
Are you going to need a litter box?
Huh, a doggy door, what a croc of...
I guess I'm not going to see spot later.
I'll be doggone.
Obviously, you'd rather spend more time at the creek then have your belly rubbed !
I thought I made myself clear when I said I'd see you later, alligator.
I guess" clone rover .com " was not medically validated.
No, dear, it's not Mitsy! ... I actually don't think Mitsy's coming back.
I'm okay with Hush Puppies using the new shoe door, but I draw the line at Crocs.
You stepped in what??? That's a croc of *&%
Have you eaten yet?
Just because you ate my dog doesn't mean you can use his door!
You're grounded!! When I said "see ya later alligator" I didn't mean this late!
DEE YIU GATER ALILATORE XD
You won't be welcome if you dare eat one of Fido's puppies.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, use the back door!
Go home, Al. Your snappy friend is being grounded for eating the mailman.
No eating in the living room.
Another day goes by, and no one's seen Fifi?
What? You expected Fido? I ate him!
Buddy, I drank the Gatorade but I ain't hosting.
I said see you later alligator but you are back!
There had better be a toy poodle bringing up the rear, mister! I'm not going through that again.
No, I didn't make dinner...I'm swamped too.
OK....so where is rover?
Four legs and hair ONLY!!!
Pussy-Cat, Pussy-Cat, where have you been?
Did you happen to see either Missy or Tigger?
What? Timmy fell down the well?
Next time, I won't use the crockpot to tell you to come in!
Back so soon? It hasn't even been a while.
Making little purses were you!
Your previous owner said I wouldn't have to teach you to bark!
Honey, I thought we installed a crocodile door?
Where is Fido, you rascal gator?
I told you not to come back if you didn't steal Mrs. Stephens paper!
I told you to knock first.
Rover, the golf pro says you've been trespassing again!
So, you've managed to lose another collar.
I have an open door policy but this is a bunch of croc!
Did I tell you we're moving to a condo ... 29th floor.
I hate to ask what you're dragging in.
Wha'd ya mean I shoulda kept my trap shut.
I need you to knock next time.
Lily, you've been gone an hour--did you eat out?
This alligator door is a croc.
Oh Spot. What big teeth you have.
This vet bill is going to be expensive.
What have you been up to this time?
Spit out the dog!
I hope you're here about the lost dog.
I warned you about depending on the kindness of strangers.
Crocodile or Alligator?
No, Fluffy can't come out to play.
Wait just a minute. That door's for crocodiles, not alligators!
Out! And don’t start with the crocodile tears.
Hey Fran - still want those alligator boots?
That's a bunch of croc.
He's a rescue from the Homeless Lawyers Shelter.
I know you're in there...and you know we're out of butter.
WHAT THE FUCK IS DIS NIGGA
Just because you ate the dog doesn't entitle you to take his place
Can't you read?
It's only been 20 minutes, Greg. When I say 'See you later' I mean not for a while.
You need to lose some weight, Mister!!
You said 'see you later' but I didn't expect you to be a while.
Hey - you're supposed to wait until I stamp my foot three times and then you'll hear me call - Doris!
You're taking my 'bad doggie' comment much too seriously!
Rex, if you're in there, why did you give out the passcode?
Cough it up, or it's designer shoe and handbag city time.
And where have you been?
When I said, 'See you later,' I didn't mean two minutes later.
It would have been easier for you to get in if you had left Rex outside.
Did you run off with my upper lip again?!
You can take the reptile out of the sewer, but...
Alright Mister, open up. Mrs Griffin just called, Mr. Mittens is missing again.
Spot, I wasn't gonna say anything, but you've been acting really different ever since we moved to Florida.
You must cut down on the neighborhood pets; I'm not getting you a bigger door.
Normand! You march right back into that kitchen and finish your water buffalo.
When I said, "See you later," I didn't mean this late.
For the last time, Alan, those shoes were just a gift!
And you forgot to use protection!
You're grounded!
Günther, you're tracking mud inside again!
When I said "See you later alligator," I didn't mean this "later ".
Mr. Pugliese called about his wildebeest.
So you're Buddy's long lost cousin, eh?
Do we need to review curfew rules again?
That doesn't make you man's best friend!
And no tears this time!
Trojan alligator
One more late night and you are shoes!
Well? The swamp closed up over two hours ago.
Not so "Fluffy" now, are you?
So! Out catting around again, I see...
Izod, are you in or out?
After AWHILE, huh?
Hey-when I say ten o'clock, I mean ten o'clock!
The dog always wiped his feet.
I thought retirement here in Boca would be relaxing.
We'll, I guess it's true. Crocs are coming back in.
See you later alligator
Croc-adoodle. How did the breeder talk me into you?
looks like your navi-gator is broken.
Darwin predicted this!
I never smiled.
This can't go on. Cough up the cat and get out.
You had me worried sick, Gregory. There are wild dogs out there, you know!
Curfew was three hours ago, Darryl.
I didn't say "come back later alligator."
You're late. And no crocodile tears!
How many times have I told you not to eat the mailman!
If only you could talk and tell me who you've eaten today.
When I say after while, I mean after while.
I told you to use the gater door!
After the third alligator break in this month, Floyd was now second guessing his move to Florida.
What? The New York City sewer system no longer enchants you?
#dig you eat my dog
You want his food too?
Late again, Sedgewick?
You forgot my newspaper again?
That dog-eating grin is not very flattering...now or ever!
It's kind of hard to move on when you keep using his door.
"Afterwhile" is not the next morning.
Sooner rather than later gator!!
10 minutes is not "a while"
I think we both know who left a dead hippo on my pillow last night!
I said in a while, crocodile!
I sincerely hope you didn't invite your drinking buddies to dinner again without telling me.
It's past curfew. You're grounded.
Well, look what ate the cat.
Why does your breath smell like Fluffy?
Don't give me that sheepish smile. Mrs. Jones called and can't find Fluffy.
Late again? You haven't changed in 200 million years.
Don't you come in here with swampy mud feet.
Did you eat somebody you shouldn't have again?
Don't give me that look. You eat the neighbor's cat but won't even try my quinoa?
Ali, where is Stimpy? I told you both to play nicely outside.
Okay, where is Fido?
How the devil did you find me! It's been 30 years since I flushed you down the toilet.
Gone 2 hours and no police sirens. What happened?
Forgot your car keys again?
Amazon. Huh.
Our neighbors called about their dachshund.
Excuse me sir, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior The Lizard King?
Just because you ate the dog doesn't mean you are the dog.
Thank you for not coming through the bathroom
No, Mr. Whiskers cannot come out and play today.
I said get the paper, boy.
Don't give me those crocodile tears. Where's Fluffy?
The neighbors want to know if you've seen their poodle.
My cat has nine lives. You've taken nine!
How many times do I have to tell you? You don't need to go out for lunch.
You know that door belongs to no one but Barney, my beloved dog........you monster - you've got beagle breath.
We've been worried sick! Where have you been all night?
Ruth! I'm cancelling that Prime cable. I thought when I ordered on the computer they were sending me a miniature horse.
Looks are not everything
"See you later, alligator" was NOT an open invitation for you to come over without calling first.
Did you have lunch with the neighbors poodle?
I knew I'd see after awhile.
Is furballs is selling fake visas again ?!
Do you know what time it is, young man?
I know the paper won't fit through the door but you don't have to eat it.
About time somebody did in the cat. More dinner?
Back already? I wouldn't exactly call that "a while."
Promise me you didn't have Fido for supper!
Has furballs been selling fake visas again ?!
Which part of "Later, Gator" don't you understand?
You're the one who wanted to move to Florida.
Maude, what effect did you intend your new 'no solicitors' sign to have?
I told you once, I told you a thousand times, stop going after the neighbors' cats!
I hope you used the moat this time.
Stop snacking on the neighborhood pets, or you won't fit!
I may have lost my glasses, but at least I still have you around Rover.
The self-identified litter box is on your right.
I thought I told you to come in through the toilet.
You use it as well as Spot did, so I guess no harm, no foul.
Crocodile Rock doesn't play here big guy.
I'm the one that should be sad - you ate him!
I hope it ate the dog.
We only let domestic animals pass through our wall. Alligators register at the front desk.
I thought I said see you later, alligator!" "Yes, but we come back after a while, crocodile!
I'll deal with you after I find my glasses!
where have you been, i've been calling you in for dinner max
You know "later gator" doesn't mean after dark.
Apparently someone forgot it's our anniversary
Can I safely assume you found something to eat on the way home?
Ok, Spot, where exactly did you hide my glasses?
Aha, you slimy slut!! Caught you creeping in after another night on the town......
I'm never ordering crocs from amazon again.
Bad dog, Fido! I'm going to put my glasses on, and take you back outside!
Dog be gone?
I don't care if they're gator skin — no boots in the house.
The neighbors called, their dog is missing.
Randall... where's Fluffy IV?
Did you remember the golf balls?
I see you've put on weight, is the perimeter secure?
"Later alligator" does not mean three AM young man.
How many times must I say, be a vegan.
That door's for alligators, not crocodiles.
Well it's about time. I had to TiVo "Downtown Abbey" for you, and your bath is getting cold.
Chloe, I'm not falling for your Jedi mind trick.
You're supposed to use the sewer pipe.
Where's dinner?
I said, fetch the PAPER. You HEARD paperboy.
You're out late again Bub.
You know, regardless of how you present yourself, many of us recognize you as a reptilian psychopath.
That's where I left my old crocs.
bruh how many more times you gon tv-cry on cue 'fore you realize everyone know u fake as fuck
Are you hungry?
What a croc! Thinking you could just slither in past your curfew!
Out all night "comforting an old friend" you say? What a croc!
Have you been out catting around again?
Hey Billyboyzell, you can't fool me. Get a better disguise if ya want a "square" deal to get traded to Dallas. With all your money, buy some alligator shoes. Hot foot it out of town or we'll throw ya in the Browns "Dog Pound".
I told you that door is for Susan only!
He was always bigger than life.
Martha, can you get me my glasses. I think the dog next door just came in for a visit.
I don't care if you think the neighbors have too many children. I'm sure they would notice.
Just what do you mean by 'stupid neighbor?'
So this is what you call ‘later’, is it, alligator?
You still have to knock on the gate, Ally!
Did you remember to put the toilet seat down?
Been a while.
She's in the kitchen. Remember what we talked about... make it look like a robbery, lots of scratch marks.
What was Fido? Merely an appetizer?
That's quite a load of croc
Not another eon further! What do you have in your mouth?
This house is not a swamp.
Oh no you don't. Facilities are for resident pets only.
You're not Fluffy.
Stop it.
Pescatarian, shmescatarian. You reek of muskrat!
Ohh Croocckyy, do you have any idea where our thanksgiving turkey is?
I call it the GatorAid...
You can't just eat my cat and consider yourself domesticated!
Where's the dog? Wipe that grin off your face.
You can barely fit in - and neighbors are suspicious about their missing pets!
You don't exactly look like my dog Fifi.
Trust me, this is much less startling than you entering through the toilet.
How many years have you been a cat sitter again?
I thought that I told you that I would see you later?
I said, "Fetch, Fido!". Not "Fetch Fido".
You forgot to bring the newspaper again!
Have you been to the dog park again?
I didn't think I'd see you till later.
No, practicing the blitz won't get you a football scholarship from the University of Florida.
Enough with the impersonations Ethel.
What do you mean you already ate dinner?
Crocked again, Cynthia!? That's the third time this week!
Stupid dog finally learned how to use that door
Captain Hook? No, he moved out several months ago.
Just the guy I'm looking for.Have you seen kitty?
You thought you could sneak in under the radar...
Bruno, I said fetch the paper, not eat the delivery man!
And you can spare me your tears mister. Do you know how worried I've been?
That's a doggie door, your a deadly doggie, so go out the way you came
Fifi: I told you to scare the alligator off, NOT to bring him home!
Larry, the neighbors complained about your constant bellowing ,again.
Can't you knock first?
There better be a cat in there.
Have you eaten anyone you shouldn't have?
And where have you been? The dental birds called and said you missed your cleaning!
Who are you and what have you done with Buster?
What are you doing? I said "See you later!"
I'm not asking you again. Where's the cat?
So, yet another cold-blooded violation of our curfew?
Just remember: When the pythons are gone, you're going right back where you came from.
Where's my other Croc?
You've been out ski-jumping again, haven't you?
Is that Tarzan I smell on your breath?
One more backward step and you'll be stuck in that thing.
Honey, I think your new boots just arrived.
So, you are upset because I said 'see you later' , not 'after awhile'?
Bad kitty! Where have you been? Also, where are my glasses?
Thanks Obama
Good boy! Now "sit."
Look, eating Muffy and Fluffy didn't get you kitchen privileges, mister smug.
Spot, that's the third mailman this week!
Get your tail in here.
Is there something you need to tell me about Spot?
What did you do with all my Saturday morning cartoons I watched for decades?
Your bite is surely worse than your bark!
Don't give me that face young man! Where have you been?
One more inch, Buster--and you're out in the cold!
Your luggage is old fashioned now, Wally.
Did you find the cat?
Well, well! Look what the cat dragged in!
'See you later, alligator,' is just an expression. You don't have to keep going back-and-forth through your flap all day.
Mrs. Johnson just called about Fifi but you wouldn't know anything about that, would you?
You look like the croc that ate the cat that ate the canary.
I suppose you have no idea what time it is either, do you?
Well, look what the Mesozoic Era just dragged through the door.
What do you mean, it' a jungle out there?
That's the last time I order crocs over the phone.
I'm a lot more afraid when my wife walks through that door.
I wish I could just train you to use a litter box without it being weird.
You're not Sparky! What did you do with Sparky?
I'm scratching 'pet friendly pool party and fish fry' off the ol' bucket list.
Take your crocs off before you come in this house!
Have you eaten another neighbors dog ?
I'll need to double the security deposit.
I guess Eleanor's in-home care benefits must have finally dried up.
martha!! weird swamp cat it look like a dick
I knew I should have picked door number 3.
I'd spike you, but I might be penalized for excessive celebration.
Well, did you at least find what is blocking the main outlet and unclog it !?
It's 3:00 AM ! You know the rules of the guest swamp, Kyle.
You can't keep paying the rent in chicken bones.
Ethel, your mother's here.
Which watering hole have you been in all night?
It's not later.
Gator out of here!
I told you I loved only you. Now, Where's Mom?
What's the matter? Lollygagging at the pond too tense for you?
Heaven help her! That door is for our alleycat, however she may have vanished now.
Do I smell Fido on your breath?
Aha. The Trojan Alligator.
Well, well. Home is the gator, home from the sea.
Some doggy door - What a crock!
ok Krocky, where's Fluffy ? ............... Don't tell me you ate her ? !!!
OK, OK, you got me. I did flush. But that doesn't mean I didn't care about you!
Another smirk on your face and more screams coming from the park? No tummy rub tonight, Miss Toophie.
I told you.......make up your mind, either stay in or stay out!
So THIS is what you meant by "See ya later...."
So, youreally did eat the cat.
The veterinarian assured me you were a vegetarian. Well, little Fifi's owners down the street don't think so.
How many times have I told you, lunch ain't ready yet!
What's the matter... cat got your tongue?
No problem dear, it's just an ordinary alli-cat.
What have you done with Muffin?
'I said, "see ya later" not "in a while"!'
I'm already swamped.
What have you done with Mittens?
I thought you said you had my dog.
I told you that you couldn't reach the elevator button.
I told you. Moving to New York City from Florida - it won’t be easy.
Don't give me that innocent look. I know you were hanging out in that lagoon again!
Stop finding your dinner on the sidewalk.
Gizmo better be right behind you!
What'd you do with Ms. Kitty?
It was bad enough when you ate Rex, but now you've gone and tracked up the carpet.
For the last time, I'm all out of human!
You know the difference between crocodiles and alligators? Crocodiles actually show up on time for dinner parties.
I already said 'see ya later'
Where have you been? I was starting to worry!
Wipe that smile off your face this instant. Where's Fluffy?
You may be a fine specimen of Crocodilia, but you forgot my newspaper again.
`Well, well, well...did you ever consider that it might be a one-way door?
This is the last time you come home reeking of puppies!
What exactly do you think "a while" means?
Where have you been? I was so worried.
I see you ate the newspaper again!
Dr. Smith, your 9am is here.
Late date?
No, Benji can't come out and play.
``No call? No text? The golfer I found is cold by now.''
It's Ted Cruz
You better go back on your diet- I'm not making that door bigger again.
Who let the dogs out?
"After a while" does not mean past curfew.
Did you bring my cat with you?
Look... I told you before, I don't have any more pets.
Now go next door and apologize to Mr. Bailey’s widow.
Your dorsal fin will never grow if you keep doing that.
Well, well! Look what dragged the cat in!
I'm sorry, I'll have to charge a pet deposit.
Have you seen Fido?
I'm not pointing fingers, but SOME-body left a dead zebra on the chaise longue.
The sign above the door says. "Alley Cat, not alley gator!"
No, you can't have my shoes.
That's a croc if I ever heard one!
How many times do I have to flush you down the toilet?
Hey, buddy! Just because you ate Fluffy doesn't mean you can replace her.
Sit! Stay!
I really need to check my PETA membership
This is an alligator entrance only; the crocodile door is in the rear.
Janet! How long has the dog been a crocodile?
The tradesmen's entrance is at the side.
The Peterson's called. You've been ambushing their gnus again, haven't you?
Now isn't that much better than a litter box?
And what have you been up to, poodle breath?
Time to put away your Halloween costume.
Did daddy's little pumpkin do a death roll? Well, did you?
Wait til your Mother gets home!
Peanut, how many times have I told you you cannot bury your bones in the neighbor's yard.
Were you not listening?...I said, See you later......Ralph
Roll over!
I didn't actually want to see you later.
Move to Florida," they said. "It'll be great.
He never did appreciate the name Boots.
Did you eat the neighbor's dog again?
I want a divorce Frank.
Where's your half of the rent?
Where have you been, I've been worried sick! Florida tied the game at the half, and you missed the winning field goal!
No more pool privileges.
Six days at Disney World and now you come crawling back into this house...
I said I'd see you later, not whenever.
Don't tell me you were at the office. I called the office!
It wasn't a tight squeeze on the way out.
If you're looking for the swamp, go to the end of the street and take a right.
How long was I asleep for?
What have you done with Professor Millmoss?
You are such a croc!
Do you know what time it is? Of course you don't, you're an alligator!
Nice try Marvin. The moat door's in the back.
Look what dragged to cat in!
Are you ready to apologize for eating Barclay?
Well, I guess it's gator bites for dinner tonight.
It's a good thing I got the warranty
O.K. Wally where's The Beaver?
Did you ask the cat if it was ok to use his entrance?
I told you to use the alligator door.
Look at you, coming in here with that cat-eating grin.
I suppose you're going to tell me you were too swamped to call.
Were you with Arnold again?
wtf you doin Mr. Alligator you get outta here punk ass bitch
I'm here for some gator aid.
Come on now, where is my News Paper? You do remember News Papers ? How about Party Lines?
You've lost your Crocs again, haven't you?
You'd better back it up, mister, or I will rethink being a vegetarian.
Wipe your feet. What do you think this is, a sewer?
That better not be poodle I smell on your breath, young man!
I thought I told you get out! Crocs are so out of fashion.
Is this what you call "later," Alligator?
Don't give me those crocodile tears, you're late.
"The neighbors pets better not be missing! And no, your stomach is not an acceptable cat storage device.
You've Been Out Catting Again, Haven't You.
What did I say about snacking before dinner?
You got rid of Cap'n Hook's clock, didn't you?
The neighbor called again - have you been playing with Fifi?
Can't find my glasses; but at least I found my shoes!
Hmpf. You probably want to eat his dinner, too.
Okay Charlie, where's sparky?
You're past curfew for the third time this week.
So where's the Morning paper?
Forgot your Metrocard again?
Wrong sewer, buddy.
It's after midnight, I said after a while
You can't fool me, I know it's you Fido.
"Out all night again I see... How will you ever be an expert hacky sacker if you refuse to train!
Hey. I thought I wasn't supposed to see you until later...
So I see it's "later" already...
Hey Anne. The Florida brochure was wrong, you can stop calling for the dog.
Playing with your swamp friends again?
Book club? Then why do I smell sewer on your breath?
It is later.
Don't you ever croc?
You're getting homeb late again
That's just great, first the IRS now you !
Can't you at least dry off before using Rover's door?
Wipe your feet first.
You're Late! Didn't we agree you'd be back by 6?
No, no. In like a LION, out like a LAMB.
And that's when Fred knew what happened to his beloved goldendoodle.
No more cats!
Mrs. Wildersnap is complaining about you digging in her flower bed again. And did you eat Fifi?
Next time, please announce your arrival with a Croc-A-Doodle-Doo.
Are you deaf? I said "later, alligator."
By any chance see the cat going out?
I don't care if it's snowing. You are not welcome back in the house until you've finished your business.
Don't give me that endangered species look
You got a call back from 'Swamp People'.
I did NOT mean this much later!
There was only one and you already got him.
My reptile brain was in overdrive worried about you.
You waterboarded the dog! Is that how you got the secret password?
I didn't mean "see ya later TONIGHT".
Donald Trump -- you're back!
Is that rat terrier I smell on your breath?
Hello Boots
Yes, your shoes are on her feet.
I don't care if they're alligator, you still need to wipe them!
Later, aligator.
I told you you'd be back after you flushed your life away...
Thought no one would notice you caiman through the doggy door?
Just what part of 'see you later, alligator' don't you understand?
Rover! That disguise is not fooling me, you're still going to get neutered today.
Miss curfew one more time and it's off to the wallet factory for you, Mr. Manly Pants!
Did I say you could use my saw?
I should've been more specific when I posted, 'Seeking exotic female to wrestle with.'
I told you to use the litter box!
Don't tell me... Let me guess... You forgot dinner again...
Swamp, Shwamp!
Are you a ventriloquist or do I hear a dog barking?
See you later.
Outside says alligator but inside I feel cat.
When I said see you later alligator while I flushed you down the toilet, I didn't really mean it.
I see installing that was a mistake.
When I said 'see you later' I was just being polite.
Why are you here? I told you I would see you later, alligator.
It wouldn't be such a tight squeeze if you hadn't eaten the dog.
I guess bad drivers aren't the worst problem in Florida anymore.
You're a too late gator, I gave the python to the zoo.
I wish those meth heads next door would feed their pets.
Don't give me those puppy-dog eyes.
First I want a barf, then a bark.
I see they went ahead with that swampland mall project.
Don't come home a-drinkin' with lovin' on your mind.
I said I would see you later.
Fair warning, I don't give out my Netflix password.
Is it an alligator or a crocodile with the protruding front teeth?
You sure were out awhile!
what,the nex door girl again
What part of "later" do you not get?
Just because you ate the dog , doesn't mean you get all his privileges .
No tears mate, but you're late for tea and early for dinner.
How do you like the Pet Door I got on Amazon
'Bout time ye got home, bring anyt'ing te eat?
That's not what I expected when I ordered a Gator-ade !
Did you go potty outside? Good Boy!
Now, I hope that you went out there to do your business and not to scare the neighbor's cat again.
Before you go any further, I hope you wiped your tail.
I told you that you just weren't cut out for real swamp life.
Fifi, I warned you life would be different here in Florida.
I thought I told you. Stay outside if you don't want to be turned into bags!
Get that smug look off of your face. The entrance was NOT installed so that you can intimidate neighborhood poodles!
Have you been fighting again?
Someone better not have gotten into the preschool again!
I believe this is the wrong cartoon. My caption is for the January 4th issue, the woman carrying a stiff fellow into the house. The caption is: I think he needs thawing.
You wouldn't happen to know anything about Mrs. Elwood's missing poodle, would you?
This wasn't what I meant when I said genuine leather!
What did you forget this time?
You know what happens when you go off your low fat diet. Now where's Mommy?
Go ahead, eat me and see if you can get back out
The neighbors are now saying their cat is missing!
I told you to use the back door, the neighbors are starting to talk!
You didn't forget to wipe your feet again, I hope.
I just vacuumed so you better not be tracking in any dirt!
Sorry. Captain Hook's house is two doors down.
"Use the cat box, and remember it's not a feeding trough".
I know I said 'see ya later'
Drop it. Dropppppp ittttttt!
Oh! So the sewer wasn't that comfortable after all.
... and Herb swore to always read the reviews before purchasing handbags on eBay.
At the watering hole again?
I see you are progressing with your avatar shrink
Steve, when I said you could have a pet...
You look different, Mittens – you gain some weight?
Did you use the antibacterial wipes?
You had better have a good explanation of what happened to Fluffy!
OK,who was it today,Fido or Fluffy?
Personally I don't care if our dog is inside you or behind you, but it may matter to the kids.
Bad boy, what have you done with our cat?
Enough late nights...this isn't Florida!
Is this what you consider "later"?
It's past your bedtime! Don't take forever brushing your teeth!
I take it you didn’t find me a 9 iron.
Did you dry your feet?
I told you to fetch.
If you don´t stop eating the neighbors´cats and dogs I sending you to the zoo.
I told you she was only giving you crocodile smiles!
Where's my alarm clock?
Ok, where are the children this time?
When I tell you to be home by 10, I expect you to be home by 10!
It was then Steve realized he didn't remove his doggy door after his dog died.
Very funny Fido. Now go fetch my Crocs.
Late because you ran out of gas? What a crock.
I knew i'd see you sooner or later
Check your GPS.
Well, I'm not going to ask you to touch your nose with your index finger but just let me say this: Crocodile Rock is just a song and we all have to grow up sometime. Also, have you seen Fluffy?
Just because you ate Sparky it does not mean you can use his door.
You were supposed to be home at 5pm! I made dinner.
Do you not understand the meaning of Family Dinner?
I'd prefer to see you later.
There better be a cat right behind you...
How did the audition for Swamp People go ?
Did you just swallow my cat?
So do you want to flush this out now or later?
Clearly your bite is worse than your bark.
It seems very quiet lately. I hope you're not making any mischief out there.
No I won't pay retail for a reptile.
Where have you been I've been worried sick.
I told you no more trips to the dog park!
Damn, this is the third time Amazon has sent me the wrong kind of Crocs.
The neighbors are beginning to suspect you're not a bike rack.
There's some vegetable lasagne defrosting in the sink, Leonard. I'm going to bed.
Shall I assume that the Stanfields' cocker spaniels will NOT be making it home tonight?
I hope that "doing your business" did not include eating the dog next store.
What's with the dog breath?
You're not the one allowed to deem whether it's 'been a while'.
Dog food for dinner didn't mean little Muffin down the street.
What do you know about about the Johnson's missing gazelle?
Happy now?
Alli-Get-Here!
I remember when abstract art used to provide real biting social commentary.
First you think global warming is good news, now you come home late!
I told you , LATER !!
Rover, I told you to stay out of the cloning lab!
Never underestimate GMO components in your cat's food.
Ms. Johnson called to say that their cat is missing. Again.
A wallet would be nice.
Larry, your to long to go through the pet door now.
That lackluster entrance is not going to get you noticed at Westminster.
Chill out, Grandpa. I'm house broken.
You better had cleaned up after yourself!
That's a dog door, not an alligator door. If the toilet was good enough for Harry Potter, it's good enough for you.
Get a nose job and I'll think about it
Tarantino's proposed ninth character was lost in the editing process.
I know, 'later, gator,' is just a figure of speech.
Bark like a dog!
Rover, you're going on a diet!
Oh no you don't! First Fluffy and now dessert?
And where is kitty?
Where have you been? You smell like a sewer!
We can't stay here if you keep eating mailmen.
My, what big canines you have.
In Florida, they'll let just anyone in.
I'm guessing you've already eaten.
Wipe that just-ate-the-dog smile off your face!
Spot? Are you in there?
I don't care if it is raining, I told you to go outside and play.
So tell me again, what is the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
I see you've grown a little since the last time you were home.
Well, where's the paper?
Janice, it's just colloquial way of saying goodbye, stop being so literal.
Are you sure you only asked for a nose job?
Your mother and I have been worried sick about you.
Not one single knock before coming in? That's just catty!
My laser eye surgery saved my life in more ways than one. I got rid of Fido.
Did you wipe the blood off your feet?
iPhone, iPad, iPet -- what will they think of next?
Miss Kitty, did you take my glasses again?
Fluffy?
Don’t think you can slink in here with that hound dog look .
Either my Fluffy hit her growth spurt, or you're in the wrong apartment!
There goes the neighborhood
I can't wait to hear your definition of 'in a while.'
Why don't you come in through the toilet like other alligators?
You’re late for your dinner. Where have you been? Is that a clock I hear ticking?
So, Ally, where IS the cat?
You got a future as a suitcase if a healthy Zippy fails to show up soon.
Tough day? You look swamped.
All right, cough it up!
Have you been out binge eating again?
Larry, this is your third crawl of shame this week!
Hey, where's the regular ankle monitor lizard?
Look who dragged the cat in.
You've been in the slimy muck again.
Please remove your shoes!
And where did you sleep last night?
Must be the new purse I paid an arm and leg for!
I missed Swamp People searching for you.
Floridian cat my ass...
My dog Fluffy better be behind you!
I've been calling all night and you're just going to waltz in at THIS hour with THAT smug look on your face?!
I can't tell if this is a "see you later" or "in a while" situation, but either way, I'd just like you to turn around and leave.
I think you are looking for the Lacostes next door.
Remember, when the dog comes back, that is his door, not yours!
The less I know the better.
So, I suppose no newspaper again?
I don't know how I feel about these new Amazon drones.
Princess, are you in there?
I don't suppose you've seen our Chiquaqua.
Side effects of global warming in Florida!
Alli,Baby, you KNOW you belong in the pool !
i feel that i am carrying more than my share
I know those tears aren't real.
Alright... what have you done with Fluffy?
"See you later" doesn't mean three a.m.
Jon quickly realized his dog door would not work in Florida.
No, Harold. I don't want to 'Netflix and chill' with you tonight.
Listen up, any more mailmen disappear and there'll be consequences
Ok you win. This is a Pet Free Zone.
Well, in or out? Alligator or crocodile?
Another tail about your latest byte?
What a crock...wipe your feet !
When I tell you to be home at ten o'clock, you better be here, young man!
Well OK, but I hope you eat kibble.
That door is for monitor lizards only!
Where did you hide Mother’s Crocs this time?
Now Hubert, I thought I told you to use the Alli-gate.
Can I take your jacket?
Didn't you forget something? Where's my newspaper?
How often do I have to tell you, that is the Fluffy's door. From now on, please ring the bell.
What? Your tongue got my cat?
In or out Spike...
Don't give me those crocodile tears. Everyone knows you're an alligator.
Didn't I tell you that I would see you later?
Why can't you come in through the toilet like those other New York gators?
You know the toilet is your entrance - what have you done with the cat?
Looks like Suzie thinks she can motivate me to start jogging.
You've got a lot of cheek... that's for the dog. Wait, where is the dog?
Who's got a cat-that-ate-the-bird grin?
Honey, I knew there had to be a catch for the no state income tax thing!
Aren't you supposed to be a cockroach?
I told you not to drink Gatorade!
So this is where the dog went
What, another Gator Gram from Marco Rubio?
I suppose you were hanging out in the sewer with your old pals again
How do these crocodiles keep getting through my alligator door?!
You're late for dinner again!
Where have you been? Your mother's worried sick!
And who or what have you brought me to-day?
Hon, The investi-gators are here.
See you later alligator he tells me!
I knew it, "Assure your pet has safe access", what a croc!
Slim pickens in the sewer, eh?
I told, you no treat until you bring in the paper.
Dammit Fluffy, why can't you just watch TV like a normal alligator?
Housebroken at last!
Did you see the animal control guy out there?
Another hot yoga class today, Mabel?
Better you than Chinese menus.
Later, indeed!
Good girl. Did you have a nice walk in Central Park?
No, no, no. You need to wait OUTSIDE the cat door with your mouth OPEN.
When I let you out, I said, "After a while!" But, now here you are. Back after just a few seconds!
Okay. But before we go, it's a dog park NOT a buffet!
I told you I'll see ya later
You are to early my friend .....dinner is not ready for another hour !
You clearly haven't mastered the 'later gator' command.
Aren't you supposed to be in the toilet?
What is it boy, someone fall into the swamp again?
What are you doing here? Our appointment isn't until Tuesday.
Captain Hook lives next door.
I have told you over and over Dundee that you are not a dog!
You've already taken care of Zeus. Now what do you want?
The neighbors just called. Apparently their poodle, Fifi, is missing.
We're gonna need a bigger door.
The cat had better be right behind you!
Hey, Mom, I think those gardening shoes you ordered from Amazon just arrived.
Better call the Dundees and let them know he got out again.
I don't think 'later' means what you think it means.
We were so worried about you, we were about to call the shoestore!
I distinctly said in a WHILE.
I said a Birkin bag!
I thought we had an understanding about the neighbors' cats.
What do you mean, "Fido was just the appetizer?'"
No Fluffy can't play today
Damn it, Jim. I said to come back with the newspaper.
Alligadoor
'Lucy, another one of your handbags has arrived.'
Looks like Martha ordered something from the Amazon again!
Pet alligators are normal, right? When alligator crosses your mind you think big, scary and vicious. Not this alligator though, with his tremendous teeth that allow him to look like he is smiling you could never be harmed.
And why, may I ask, is the neighbor's dog still barking?
Rover, I know you're in there somewhere!
My wife and my pet dog are missing. What did you do with my dog?
I was expecting a small horse...
MY DOGGY DOOR !? Oh what a "crock"
I better not smell cat on your breath
just wondering is lacoste french for coastal ............
I can smell chlorine on your scales.
Honey, no more "hybrid" Labrador pups!
Your eating my dog doesn't mean I have any more Gator Snacks!
I'll lock the alley gate er something next time you lose your clock!
Hey! You're not my pet penguin! Ppphhttt! I lost that thing like a week ago, you're close enough.
What do you mean "Woof"?
Go Blue!!
I'm not sure which of one of us is the rescue.
Are looking for relatives in my wife's shoerack?
"In a while" doesn't mean all night, buddy.
Where have you been?! We have company coming.
A neighbor called about a missing poodle.
You,ve got the wrong guy. I'm Peterman, not Peter Pan.
I suppose you want a scratching post as well?
Forgot your crocs?
This cartoon needs no caption. It is funny as is.
You can use a crocodile door.
I thought I said later, alligator.
This can't be good for Kitty!
Sorry feller, there is no "wildebeest crossing" in here.
That's it. Tonight you sleep in your own bed.
Tippy, I told you not to go near the swamp.
"See you later, alligator" is just a figure of speech.
We have to stop meeting like this.
Have you been a naughty boy? Where's Fifi?
OK, you're finally back......so where's the sushi takeout/
Now open your mouth and let the dog out.
Hey you, where's my little kitty cat?
Are you sure I made the door wide enough?
That's some Halloween costume, Fido.
What the- I asked for a doggie door and they've installed an alley gate or...
I thought we agreed that I'd see you later.
Fluffy...What did you do with Fido???
Maybe this is why no one installs doggy doors in Florida.
Well, well, well. Look what the croc dragged in.
Lol wow I guess I have to buy a bigger dog door now
Who’s patrolling the moat?
you missed your dental appointment
Well that's a real croc.
where the hell's Muffy?
You've got that alligator that ate the mailman look.
I need to set some ground rules. No more eating cats and dogs!
Swamped at work again?
I said, " go potty, not eat Aunt Dottie."
Let's agree to disagree on how you got flushed.
So I guess those duck dynasty folks finally ran you out of their swamp?
So, have you been catnipping again?
Scale back on the booze" was supposed to be a warning - not the caption on your Facebook page
Who let the crocs out? Who,who,who,who?
Hurry up, you're late for the Lacoste photo shoot
This is your second walk of shame this week. The neighbours are starting to talk.
You are not bringing in that tail again!
How'd you get past the moat?
What did uoumdo with my dog?
Oh Sparky, you forgot the newspaper again!
This is pet door "a." You are looking for pet door "c."
Do you think we live in a sewer?
Bad idea, croc! I'm a cobbler.
Damn, I thought we flushed you down the toilet.
Whatever they are you didn't wipe them on the mat before you came in.
You think I don't know you spent all winter in the city sewers?
While Wipe your feet!!
You've been eating cats and dogs again, haven't you! Wipe that grin off your face and go to your room!
Florida Survival Tip #23: If your bathroom door is pet-accessible, don't leave the seat up.
I can't believe we both bought the same painting for the apartment. Visitors will think it's like our theme or something.
Where have you been all night?
Well it's been a while.
Don't give me those crocodile tears!
I said---after awhile, crocodile.
Oh, Charlie, you have that guilty look on your face.
Did you wipe your tail before coming in?
What a croc of shit.
Hey buddy, why the long face?
First cockroaches, now this. I'm done living in the city!
You can stay, but you can't eat the cat.
You know you're supposed to come in through the toilet!
I didn't mean THAT late!
So much for dog Dundee
Alice! Is it an alligator or a crocodile that has a rounded snout?
Please don't give me that "Croc and Bull" story!
It's past midnight. You want food, you'll have to get it yourself!
You have an alligator that ate my dog look on your face.
I said, " see you later crocodile ... ! "
At least it's not a Wheaten.
OK........where is Muffin?
Where have you been? It's after midnight and I've been worried sick.
Deliveries from Amazon Prime are always left outside my front door!
What part of "doggie door don't you get ?
I am SO returning you to Amazon. I ordered alligator luggage, not an alligator!
and where is the cat?
Sorry pal , everybody puts on the booties .
When I said 'See you later,' I misspoke.
Yes, I know cats do that, but I'm still taking you back to the pet store to make sure.
OK, where's Gilbert?
Pond scum on the rug again!
If you're looking for Coco, the python beat you to him.
No point in arguing, you ain't no litigator!
Look at what the cat door brought in.
Later, huh?
I clearly said, "See you later, alligator."
You’re late. The cat left already.
About time, dinners ready, now where is the cat?
I'm at my wits end with your carnivorting
Okay kids - unless it's about 'catatonia', dad won't be helping you with the homework tonight.
Which part of "See you later, alligator" didn't you understand?
You're way past your curfew, young man. What do you have to say for yourself?
Charlie, do you know where the cat is?
Don't let her cute shoes and pink, little girly shirt fool you, she can wrestle alligators. Next time you might not make it home!
Your eyes are red. Did you eat an alcoholic?
I wanted a dog or cat, but bylaws are bylaws.
Where is Butch? I thought I told you to fetch him for his supper.
What have you done with Mr. Thurber?
It isn't quite yet later, Mr. Alligator.
You said you'd call, but you didn't even 'dile.
Only you? I asked for A PAIR of Crocs for Christmas!
Why don't you use the gator door I installed?
I get it, you can afford a crocodile suit.
For the billionth time, there are no shortcuts in evolution.
So, you finally decided to come home, did you?
My wife wasn't enough for you?
We're not in Florida anymore.
So much for see-you-later, Al-e-gator
Get in here and settle down or you might find a pair of boots in your future.
You should believe the theory of evoluion!
Why is your stomach barking?
So you went out again without your gaiters.
I know your therapist recommended roleplay, Roger, but I'm still getting used to the idea.
Okay, okay, I'll buy vegan leather boots next time.
Next time you are late, I am going to make you into a wallet.
Mildred, your handbag ate the dog again
That's the last time I let YOU walk Milo!
That was a very long while.
What did you do with Fido?
It's not 'later' yet.
I'm not buying it. The Urban Legend clearly says you come up through the toilet!
If you learn to bark, all will be forgiven.
You forgot the cappuccino
I see you forgot to get milk.
Two can play that game mister! Go to your room for 'a while'.
...I knew I shouldn't have bought that AlligaDoor...
I told you once and tell you twice only play with the other dogs not to eat them.
No, I am litigator.
Another all nighter at the museum again?
If you've come back for more Gatorade, we're all out.
I'm still can't find Fido.
Well how nice of you to finally come home at this ungodly hour. I've been calling you all day, you know.
A long 5 minutes ... hopefully we won't be getting a call from the neighbors this time ...
Leave now or I'll sue you later, alligator.
You've been eating poodles again, haven't you?
Coming home at 3 am crocked again .Look at you snout Arthur , don't you realize your a alligator ?
Did you bring me my milk?
I said, "Has anyone seen my Crocs?".
I don't consider 4:30 am "in a little while!"
You've come a long way from the sewer.
You forgot the milk.
What have I told you about wearing your crocodile shoes in the house?
Well, whatta croc!
Now we'll be late for agility class
I said, 'in a while,' not 'in a week.'
One more missing cat and you're grounded.
That excuse is a bunch of croc!
Hey, where's my cat?
You've been playing in that swamp again, haven't you?
You're early! I told you she doesn't get home from Mahjong until two o'clock.
Finally! The cat ate your food!
''....uh oh am I going to be getting calls from the condo association about more missing pets.....''
What did you do with the mailman?
you havnt been eating the neighbours pets again
Is this a fat cat bred with a corporate dog to make a tax sheltie ?
I know it's been a while. What do you expect? I'm a crocodile.
"OK--both hands are out of my pockets. So do you see a hook?
Hey Joe, your gatorade delivery is here.
I see he snuck out of the yard again. Thanks for bringing him home.
I didn't actually mean 'See you later, alligator'.
I thought you were going to come back after a while?
Have you been running with those damn wolves again?
This isn't what I meant when I asked for Crocs.
Where, prey tell, have you been?
Forgot your key?
No, I do not have any gator aid.
Where have you been, where have you been, spit it out.
The postman delivering only bills and junk mail doesn't justify eating him.
Did our cat teach you that?
Do you have any idea what time it is?! 'See-you-later-alligator' indeed!
No, you can't play with Fluffy.
How many times do I have to tell you, dry off outside!
Honey, your lap Croc is finally housebroken .
I'm sure I didn't order something from Amazon!
Fluffy's not here but you're welcome to the cat food in the kitchen.
[intentionally left blank]
How many times have I told you to use the trap door at the swamp entrance?
You've made the evening news again.
You know that's kitty's door; Saaay...
Get any golfers?
You're an alligator. What do you mean you self-identify as crocodile?
Well, it looks like somebody has been naughty boy today....the Johnsons cat is missing, the Avery twins have disappeared and to top it off, my newspaper has been chewed up again!
What was that about Timmy?
When I said 'later gator' I didn't mean 2 a.m.!
Gatuh ain't use no backdoor, yo!
What did you do now Mr. Snugglesworth?
Well, Fluffy on board doesn't allow you privileges!
We agreed you would come in and out through the toilet!
Next time you're late you're walking back out that door as a purse.
Welcome home Ralphie, we knew you'd make it out of the sewer.
Have you been terrorizing the neighborhood again?
I know I ordered Crocs, but this isn't what I meant.
Honey, the neighbor's weird looking cat got in again...
Hey! We agreed that you'd take care of the wife first, THEN you could eat Fluffy.
How many times have I told you never to be late for dinner?! Now don't you dare shed a tear! I'm not falling for that again!
Forget your keys again??
Well I'll be doggoned!
Get out of here! See you later alligator!
The dog lied. There's no indoor pool.
The neighbor just called to say his poodle was missing. Do you know anything about that?
Have a Snickers Marsha, for god sake.
You were to be home before dark!
Uh oh, where's the dog?
Sorry I'm late...I'd have been here earlier, but I was swamped!
Did you go postal again?!
You've got the wrong house. The wildebeest migration is next door.
Hey, Jeb! The base is back.
"And where were you all night? It's 3:00 am?
The neighbors called about that ticking sound in their pool again.
Are you off your crocker?!?
This never happened in New York.
Now why aren't you on The Ark yet?
Out looking for Elton John again.
I don't care if you identify as a dog. You are not what you eat.
I told you a million times to wipe your feet before you come in.
I knew I shouldn't have moved to Florida
When I said I'd see you later I didn't mean every fifteen minutes.
You fit! Great! I can take you in my carry-on luggage.
Look what the ... wait, are you an alligator or a crocodile?
Crawling home again I see.
You again ? Now cough up the cat !
Go back to Amazon and tell them I meant to order “Crocodile Dundee.”
I don't suppose you've seen my dog?
Hey, it's not later yet.
Out catting again?
No, not later. Not in awhile. Now!
I know you're not Smoochie, but I could use the company.
How did you do that? I've been trying to shut that yappy dog up for years!
Tramp!
Did you see the cat while you were out?
I already told you, I don't have any more golf balls.
How do expect us to ever get our mail if you keep this up?
I ordered the shirt , not the crocodile
Fido, have you gained weight?
You're not my Sparky!
There was a young man who swallowed a gator, I don't know why he swallowed a gator ....
That's NOT awhile crocodile.
Oh, you better not give me that side eye.
When I said "See you later" I meant outside.
If I ask where you've been all night, I suppose you'll bite my head off.
Honey! I think you ordered from the wrong Amazon.
Have you seen Fluffy?
"You've got that dog-eating grin on your face again!
Now where is your sweater mister!
I suppose the cat put you up to this.
Did you apologize to Mrs. Beardley's ShihTzu?
I thought I just said, 'see you later,'
Your mother's worried sick - go meet your maker, alligator!
It's bad enough you ate the cat but using her door is the last straw!
How did you find me?
I thought we agreed. Not for a while.
Your agent called and wants to know why you didn't show up for the audition for Animal Planet. I hope you weren't lurking around that small-dog park again.
The sewer again? How cliché.
Welcome home.
This can't end well.
I guess "after a while" means three days, four missing cats and Mrs. Gruman's badly mangled topiary.
Introducing the alligadoor.
I thought you said you would be back after a while, crocodile!
You cannot use the cat door just because you have eaten the cat!
And just why is the mailman dropping us from his route?
Frank, you know you're not allowed in the house.
I told him not to flush his broccoli down the toilet.
We've got to stop meeting like this.
Don't roll your eyes at me! .... Where's my cat ?
Bad Crockadoodle !
When I said "See ya later," I did NOT mean past your curfew, mister!
How many times must I tell you to wipe your feet on the mat?
I said see you later Sofia.
Don't give me that crock. Where's Fluffy!
If this is about the 'flusing you down the toilet' thing when I was 8, I can explain...
So much for the secure dog door. What a croc!
Born in the bayou, but tracking mud in the Bauhaus.
You're late. And where's the crocodile?
You know you didn't have to sneak out. I would have taken you to see Jurassic World.
Well, I did say we could get a family pet as long as it was smaller than my dick.
Bad 'gator! You just voided the warranty on the dog door.
You’ve been wrestling again...
Whom do you think you're kidding?
"Terrorizing the neighbors again"?
You're late again.
Honey, I think we're gonna need a bigger door.
We're out of Gatorade!
Well aren't we Mr Happy...
Honey, when I said I wanted Crocs for Christmas, this wasn't what I meant.
You've been bothering the wildebeests again, haven't you.
Hi, we just moved in next door and I was wondering if I could borrow a cup of body parts?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO MAKE WITH YOU !
I think you took a wrong turn. This is not the entrance to the La Brea Tar Pits.
You've been gone all night and you show up with rotting flesh on your breath.
Did you clean your paws?
Well I can't go viral with this.
Well, there goes another year without Girl Scout cookies.
Who are you, and what have you done with the cat?
I've told you a hundred times! Use the back door after playing in the swamp!
Man, this is a crock!
I have to talk to the landlord about the pest control problem.
You better not be my AirBnB.
Jim Morrison?
Bad croc. Spit out Mr. Kitty right this minute.
How many times do I need to tell you to knock before you enter?
No, back outside. I said after a while.
Florida Problems
Bad Allie, bad! Cough up Doggie this instant!
It's past your curfew, Al... were you in the swamp again?
Jeb said I could crash here for a while.
The cat's missing, and those aren't real tears
There's no need to ring the doorbell first.
My shoes remind you of your uncle?
What makes you think I need a new kitty?
No, no! I said I needed to hire a LITIGATOR, not a little gator!
Rover! Please tell me you didn't spoil your apetite again!
If you took the trash out last night, you wouldn't have missed pick up.
Excuse me, Mr. Alligator! Have you seen my Chihuahua?
Look what the global warming dragged in!
How many time should I repeat myself: just because you fit in that hole doesn't mean you shouldn't use keys like the rest of us.
What are you looking at me like that for, I'm not feeding you!
Where's your collar...and where is she?
What do you mean Fluffy's not coming home tonight?
Maud, I don't think the cat appreciated our move to Fort Myers.
Your Brahmin handbag came today. You're sick.
If that doesn't say smooth sailing, I don't know what does.
You're lucky that you're cute.
Did I not distinctly say that I would see you later?
You are definitely the least unlovable gator of all!
You didn't happen to see Fifi while you were out there, did you?
Don't you dare track one more drop of blood into this house!
Don't you remember what I told you about inhabiting the body of reptiles?!
I heard you had my wife over for dinner.
Go home, Gertrude, go home.
Don't you medulla oblongata me!
You're okay, but don't let the stingray in.
You ate the dog's food, and the dog too! Bad boy!! Bad boy!! No no!!
No, it's not time for Swamp People.
Fido, are you in there?
Can't you stay home just one night ... what do your friends in the sewers have that I don't have?
What have you done with Snapdragon?
"Gator-poo" indeed!
It's been four weeks. You call that after while crocodile?
We already have a watchdog and he doesn't tick!
1. Where's Fido? 2.I told you to use the lanai door
hickory dickory doc that is in fact a CROC!!!!!
I do so carry my weight around here
Please tell me your hungry!
Not funny Fido. I told you to ditch that Halloween costume months ago.
Wait a minute! You're not Fido.
Those better not be "exotic" loafers, pal.
Well ! I told you I'd see you later !
Did you and Fluffy get along while I was at work today?
That's it .... back away slowly.
Have we done our jobbies?
Frank, I'm so glad to see you. I saw a pair of shoes & got so worried.
Sorry pal, I just finished the last of the Gatorade.
Honey, your shoes just came back to life.
Honey call the police, we have a crookodile.
You are coming home empty handed again?
Just because you ate the dog, does not mean you can use his door.
Thomas, you're late, and don't look so damn smug about it.
I hope you didn't eat the neighbors cat again
Fluffy, you little hussy, it’s almost midnight! Have you been carousing again?
Do you have anything in size 9.5?
Where have you been all day?!
What a load of crock!
I hear they've put out an Amber Alert for Lassie.
Now, I told you not to go out for dinner.
Murray was satisfied that the his new puppy Croccopoo "Louie" would be able to independently enter the home
Spit Fido out and backup, or you'll be my next pair of shoes.
When I said, "See you later alligator, I didn't mean that literally."
Well, well. Look what brought the cat home.
Mrs. Smith called about her poodle. Cough him up...
It's 1AM! I have a good mind to tan your hide mister...
Congratulations...you've finally out grown the toilet.
Where's Rosie?
Where's the newspaper Max?
Going to the dentist doesn't take that long.
You didn't go out a caterpillar, so I guess you wouldn't come back a butterfly.
What exactly do you mean that Tabby won't be home for dinner.
Gatordoodle.......yea, right
Even with the fancy collar I don't think the American Kennel Club's gonna buy it.
You're starting to get a big mailman belly.
Gatorers have to use the service entrance.
Keep wagging, Bruce. We can't have the snow blocking the door.
I suppose I can get rid of the deadbolt.
You left with Fluffy and now you've come back alone. Where is she?!!!
You left the seat up.
Did you leave the toilet seat up?
Well! I'm glad you finally decided to get with the program.
I know it's a swamp out there but you can't stay here!
Which part of "see you later alligator" did you not understand?!
Like I told you last time...no alligators or Trump supporters allowed in here.
No No documents for you to shred today the shredder is fixed
No, no, no... you cannot use the cat door even if you are carrying the cat in your jaws.
The ad said crocodile, but you're an alligator… and a liar!
Goodness, Sparky, what big teeth you have!
What the hell have you done with my python?
Ok stupid: eat one more human and you won't fit through the door.
Well ! I hope you didn't go and spoil your dinner
Hermès home delivery.
You forgot the paper!
I told you to take your pills.
You've been eating dog again, haven't you?
You may win the Florida primary, but forget going national.
You know you're supposed to use the back door .... wait! What have you done with Rover?
Every time you eat someone I question my wisdom in adopting you.
Unless you're here to drop off the cat, you better just turn right around!
Okay -- what did you do with the dog?
Perhaps you'd like to return Mrs. Van Riply's call and explain what we know about Fifi.
Get in the pot! I need to make soup.
Did you really go, or are you just after another Peke treat?
Talk about your gaps in the fossil record.
Ah, the gator that ate the cat that ate the canary.
You wouldn't know anything about 3 missing Girl Scouts selling cookies???
Not funny, Rover. Go fetch.
If the dog ate the cat, who ate the dog?
You wimp! You believed an article in "The New Yorker" about water flooding Florida?
I told you before, you can only play with Bowser outside!
Did you make that poodle play "Jonah and the Whale" again?
The Everglades are that low, huh?
just because you fit, doesn't mean you belong
When I said I'd see you later I didn't mean 3:00 am.
Is that deer I smell on your breath?
Well, if it isn't Mr.-Stay-Out-All-Night. Your mother and I have been worried sick. Is that lipstick?
That's a dog door! Use the pool entrance in back!
You smell like swamp.
Have you seen Whiskers?
Your mother and I were worried sick
Use the sewer please.
Your bark is bigger than your bite.
Are we going to need another mailman?
Don't lie to me again. You reek of sewer.
Let's review the definition of 'awhile.'
Did you really go this time or just eat another cat?
I don't know where you've been, but I can tell it's not freshwater.
Did you prefer eating out again?
is this what they call spam mail!
No, I will not put the Chihuahua in a doggy bag!
Where's your hat?
Now Al, where is Kitty?
Now just where do you think you're going, mister!
Pookie Bear where have you been?
OK, where's rover?
"I said I'd see you later." [with "later" bolded or underlined]
First, you ate the dog. Then when I taught you to 'fetch', you ate the paper boy. Shape up, or you're goin' right back to the sewer!
Just because you ate him doesn't mean you can take his place!
Just in time to get washed up for dinner.
No, my briefcase is not your mother! It's a knockoff.
No Bowl for U Florida, Everglades Poisoned, No Interest io Gator Fights, So You Finally Come Home!
OK, what did you do with Chester?
Do you want supper or have you already eaten?
Have you been out snacking again? Naughty boy! No dinner for you.
Honey, your new Birkin Bag is here.
How many times have I told you to slither through your door ?
So, the mailman's missing.
Is it safe to assume Mrs. O'Malley's missing cat poster is an exercise in futility?
Okay, cough her up.
You're not the first crocodile to use my alligator door.
What am I supposed to do with all that Costco dog food?
I was worried sick! You know how dangerous it is at night.
"After while crocodile" does not mean stay out all night!
Your late excuse is just a croc!
Now, you want a girl friend? Last week it was a puppy.
Dad, did you have a traveling companion with you from Florida?
Buddy, you look different.
You know you're not allowed to use the doggy door unless you ate one.
Damn! I meant to order an elevator.
You should have barked before you came in!
How many times do I have to tell you to knock first?
Ok, just cough up the dog now
Is this one of the new Amazon delivery drones?
What happened to the cat
I *knew* I should have sprung for the revolving.
No wet feet in the house!!
If you keep eating the neighbor's cats we'll have to get a bigger gator door for you.
Did you really go potty, or were you just sniffing around?
Would you please knock next time
And where have you been and Rover better be right behind you!
Al, the racoons are in the attic again.
Is there anything you'd like to tell me about an incident with the neighbor's cat?
You barely get inside and you have to turn around and go out again.
Pool hopping again?
Did you go potty like I told you?
You forgot your sunscreen again, didn't you?
Fluffy, I just knew those GMO pet foods were a bad idea for you!
Never mind the crocodile tears, mister...where is the cat!!
Don't look so innocent, you are the only four legged pet left in the neighborhood!
If you snag one more Yorkie, you won't fit through that door!
No, that doesn't automatically make you a pet.
Late again. Wipe that smile off your face, hotshot, and the bedsharing is over!
I just said I'd see you later.
Look what the cat didn't drag in.
There are no more!
How many times do I have to tell to get the mud off your feet before you come home.
All these years of Python taught me nothing
Let me guess.
Hey buddy, cat doors are for closers!
That was quite a bit after awhile, wouldn't you say?
Did you do your dodo?
I meant MUCH later.
I see the airlines finally delivered my luggage.
go back out and wipe your feet
Playing around in the sewers again, huh?
Spot, did you eat the newspaper again?
What did I tell you about using the crocodile door!?
Your mother and I have been worried sick!
That's NOT what I meant when I ordered Crocs!
I'm sorry. We're all out of Gator-ade.
You're back awfully fast! What did I tell you about using the elevator?
Pet doors, another instance of convenience vs security?
Captain Hook doesn't live here anymore.
Good to see you using the Alliga-Door!
Well, it's much later than later.
No, Al, I said "see you later"
So that's how they deliver from Amazon Prime.
Now "see you later alligator" is nothin' against you, Crockie
That better not be beer I smell on you Timmy!
and, no. I don't believe you were looking for your mother at a luggage store.
You're late again. Dinner is on the floor.
Don't give me that "I just ate the neighbor's cat" look again.
I said I would see you LATER, alligator.
Didn't I say I'll see you later!
What have you done with the dog this time?
What happened to your leash? And where is Martha?
My, grandma, what big teeth you have
I never know if I'm going to see you later or after a while.
We forgot to knock again, didn't we, Sedrick?
Know anything about the neighbor's poodle, dog-breath?
You didn't ring the doorbell!
Mrs. Jones called again wondering if I had seen her cat, Fluffy.
I know that 'innocent' look: you ate another doorman!
Bad gator...and your excuse is a croc.
What are you doing here? I told you I'd see you later.
You caught her eating a bird again? Serves her right.
I don't care if you are collecting for Gator Aid…..the sign says "No Solicitors!"
In or out... please make up your mind!
I hope you cleaned up after yourself missy.
Do you have any idea what time it is? Your mother and I have been worried sick.
Barker, don't tell me Time's Arrow has been reversed since your exit an hour ago!
Ms. Martin in 3A is complaining you left her toilet seat up again.
Forgot your key again, eh?
Oh, evolving at last, are we.
No, no - you belong two doors down.
That's the third mailman you've ate this week
What'd ya do with the cat?
It's 11pm. Do you know where your alligator is?
Hey! I thought I told you to knock first.
Sorry - no more cats!
Only in florida.....
Bad gator. I said "Fetch the paper!'
Did you just eat my cat?
Have you been dredging in the neighbor's swamp again?
Should I say "see you later" or "in a while?"
I thought I'd see you in "a while", not at two in the morning.
If you jack with me I'll turn you into a pair of loafers.
Never click accept .
Sorry, there are no more pets left at this address.
TIGHT FIT, BUDDY. THIRTY LAPS AROUND THE MOAT.
OK, keep the wife, but I want my dog back.
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior?
I told you to be in before dark!
How many times have i told you, you have to knock before entering.
Do YOU have my Boston Globe?!
What have you done with the rest of Wilt Chamberlain?
A man has an crocodile mixed with a platypus pet named Alfred. Alfred ate all of the man's food because he never fed him. They both got into a fight and hated each other for their rest of their lives
Was that you snapping and thrashing out there?
Please don't tell me you ate the neighbors cat again.
When you come slinking home like this, I can tell you've been up to no good.
Which one? Paper or boy?
Let me guess -- you accidentally swallowed the clock.
Okay, we can call it a Gator Gate instead.
'I'll see you later' does not mean 3:00 a.m.!
Guess who is coming for dinner?
You might try knocking once in a while.
That's what you call a while?
The Pearlman's called. Their poodle is missing. That's the third pet this week. I think maybe you should stay inside for awhile just to be on the safe side.
Just don't give me those crocodile tears - you're an alligator.
No, the dog cannot come out to play!
Well it's about time. I was about to go to bed without you.
Didn't I tell you I'd see you later?
Unless you have Mr. Mittens inside you, I am going to have to ask you to leave.
In a while crocodile does not give you permission to break curfew!
Eating our cat does not make you our new cat!
How manny times have I told you to be back from the swamp before midnight?!
Next time, let's be more clear about what we mean by "after awhile."
Why did Snuggles next door stop barking?
Look what brought the cat in.
You look like the alligator who swallowed the cat who swallowed the canary.
you went to get some chinese food and didn't bring me back anything?
thought I'd see ya later
Are you sure you haven't seen the wife and kids?
Rex! You take that costume off right this minute!
I'm sorry, but your sales pitch seems like a croc.
Did you forget that All doors remain locked during business hours?
''Oh shit!"
I said buy the belt, not be the belt.
If you eat another one of the neighbors' pets, the H.O.A. says we're out of here!
Are you the "service animal" I ordered on the 'net?
In a while crocodile my ass.
Despite what my wife says I'm calling it the gator-aid!
In what world does five minutes count as, "Later"?
Did you finish off that global change denier?
Removing your shoes before entering doesn't mean walking around naked.
"Watch out dude, i have got the best dinner ever.!!:)
Mrs. Odgrass from next-door says they haven't seen their Schnoodle for a couple days. Thoughts?
Fido, take that costume off right now!
It's your own fault, Miss Kitty. I told you if you went out after dark you could get eaten by an alligator.
Well look who decided to show up...
Thankfully, George remembers that his cat only identifies as an alligator.
Steaks gone, we've only got dog...
What have you been eating? Your litter box looks like the ashtray at a Cuban poker game.
Martha, you're tracking wildebeest in the house again!
What did you do with my cat?
Looks like someone could use some gator-aid!
Cocodile finally tears
Did you eat the dog again?
I hope you wiped the mud off your feet this time Konstantin!
I didn't actually want to see you later, Alligator.
No, eating Pookie does not entitle you to eat his lunches too.
What'd you do with Rex?
Jeb! That 20 x 16 opening isn't for you.
Now tell me what you did with Fluffy!
This is neither later nor after a while.
Did I not tell you that Mr. Dundee lives next door?
Well, look who's back from Florida
Bad boy! I said you could GREET the mailman!
Out painting the town red again,by the looks of your teeth.
I said, 'Kitty kitty kitty.' Are YOU a kitty?
It was the last time Freddie used that trite "see you later" line.
The Everglades called. Someone's been conspicuous again.
Not now! I said later...
Just because you ate him doesn't me you can now be him.
And where may I ask is the dog?
Where've you been 'til now?
You know I was thinking about a new set of luggage and matching shoes.
I'm not going to say it again - I'll see you LATER.
So you're Fido's 102nd cousin from Florida? Frankly, I don't see the resemblance.
Didn't you hear me? I said, "see you later!"
So much for the urban legends. You're real.
10:30 on a school night is not ok, Buster!
What happened in Palm Beach stays in Palm Beach.
You're not Mumsy. Where's Mumsy?
Did the dog or my wife lead you here?
The neighbors want to hear you bark.
I will make your door larger when you quit eating the goldfish in my pond.
Hi, Neighbor! Got any more of them yummy yorkies?
Does 'see ya later' mean nothing to you?
I just cleaned the floors mister!
You bring home severed legs, and all you do is play with them.
Ally, were you chasing the neighbor's deer again?
Later gator didn't mean THIS late!; The neighbors called and asked if I'd seen their dog; What do you know about Polk Salad Annie's missing her Granny?; I'd like to believe you but what a crock!
Bad dog. I told you not to play with the alligator.
Why were you out so late son?
That is NOT how we play nice!
Did you wipe your feet? I just steam-cleaned the carpet.
Who ordered the Gatorade?
You're late! I told you not to try to hitchhike from the Everglades.
Is that alcohol I smell or did you just eat a drunk?
Honey, would you like a new pair of shoes?
"See ya later" does NOT mean after bedtime!
I know you don't like to argue, but when you come home this late you are the instigator, not me.
Now your risotto is cold!
Who're you fooling, alley cat?
We're gonna need a bigger pet door.
Yes, I did say, "See you later", but it was just an expression.
I said, in a while.
So this means the cat won't come back -- tomorrow or ever?
Hey Rex! What have I told you about knocking?
What are you doing you a-lil-gator!
So you found my cat!
Fine! You can sleep inside tonight, but don't expect to cuddle.
So THIS is your version of a wolf in sheep's clothing?
You can stay if you can sit up and beg, otherwise, cough up my dog.
Harold! Spit out that mailman! Harold!
"Spit Precious up, and back out"!
While the labradile was also hypoallergenic as the salesman said, Bill couldn't help feeling baited and swithed....
I know it's going to take some getting used to but I'm really happy to have my toilet back.
I thought I told you not to get eaten
Have you seen the neighbors?
Your excuse for lateness is a croc.
I ordered gatorade, not gator-AID, from Amazon Prime Now.
Lunch has been ready for eight months!
Your friends are upstairs in my closet
You're late, mister!
And exactly what have you done with the cat?
I believe your wearing out your welcome. Don't let the door hit your tail on the way out.
You know, Patty, if you EVER expect to lose any weight you're simply going to have to stop gorging yourself at night.
Fifi, what big teeth you have!
No, I'm sorry. You already had your dogfood for today.
Harold, this is the third time this week that you've come home past your curfew.
Really? "I swallowed my alarm clock" again? What a croc!
Hey, what is this , some kind of crock?
I said feed the cat not eat the cat ...
I can't believe we're having this conversation again, Darryl. I distinctly said "LATER, gator."
Why were you out so late on a school night?
Mrs. Nesbitt says you called her twin miniature poodles "sliders."
Bad boy! How many times have I told you? Use the sewer!
Bad gator, I told you to call Cesar Millan for Dinner.
I said later, gator!
Marks new dog looks a little different today.
We're setting up the kiddie pool today, so you be on your best behavior, OK?
Were you at the golf course again!
My inner cat says you're not cuddly.
Sixty million years - you're still prowling around in wee hour filth.
You better not have been in the sewers again
I told you to come in through the toilet!
So you're my Task Rabbit today, huh? Okay, we're going to skip painting the kitchen and spend the day smiting my enemies.
You're supposed to fetch the paper, not eat it.
Well, croc-a-doodle-do!
In a while crocodile does not give you permission to break your curfew!
Thank you for bringing Fido home; now throw him up and leave.
Hey! That's not Gator Aid!
Didn't I just tell you "See you later?"
You forgot the newspaper again.
Fine, I'll see you later!!
I didn't literally didn't mean "See you later alligator."
Spit him out right now Roy!
Crocodoggie door
What don't you understand about "See you later, Alligator"?
You need to go further outside if you're going number two.
Seriously?
Sparky, eat a snickers....
I'm not saying Jung was wrong. I just don't think this is going to end well.
No matter what you think, your name is not Fido!
You never know who or what is following you until it is too late.
Your undercover disguise is very convincing, but your bark is a dead giveaway.
You go right back out that door, and come in through the toilet like I taught you.
I don't remember buying a crock-a-poo?!
I guess I didn't order crocs. I ordered a real croc. I can't wear these.
Out! Out! You're tramping mud in the house.
Lounge lizard.
So, how was the meet and eat?
See, I told you that door would work.
Where have you been? I've been worried about you.
I thought we had a tacit understanding about what bathroom breaks should entail.
I'm guessing Fluffy is in there somewhere?
Snack on any of the neighbors today by any chance while you were out strolling in the swamp?
We're you in the Digby's pool again, they just called.
Bob recently purchased a 'dog' on Craigslist
I hope your bark is worse than your bite.
Shame on you! The neighbor's dog is not on your diet!!!
:No, I don't have a bath tub.
Were you out playing with the dogs again?
Alright Wally, where's the dog?
You keep tracking in dirt, and I'll turn you into shoes and a handbag.
You'd better not have any more large meals!
One more late night, mister, and its off to the cobbler with you!
I'm fresh out of Gatorade!
Foiled by the guard gator again!
Honey, could you bring me some gator aid?
What next, Samsa?
They said the Syrian refugees were coming
Spit out Rover!
Do you know anything about the call I got from our neighbors about their dog Jojo missing?
What don't you understand about "See you later?"
Dammit, Steve!
First, you leave the seat up, and now no tissue paper?!
Seriously, I just mopped, you couldn't have wiped your feet?
How many times do I have to tell you Fang ... You are not allowed to come in that way just because you ate the cat.
Never mind that you eat twenty four hours a day, but that ring you left in the pool won't make you none too popular with the missus.
How many times have I told you NOT TO SWIM in our neighbor's fish pond?
You dropped your wallet on the way out again.
Honey get Lake Placid PD on the phone. Richie's been sleep crawling again.
My mammalian brain says "No," but my reptilian brain says, "Yes."
who did you eat for dinner?
Stop making me feel guilty for flushing you down the toilet!
The Nelsons from next door called. Little Billy is missing.
Home already, Al? I wasn't expecting to see you 'til later.
Is it done?
I was supposed to see you later.
Why do you have that sheepish grin?
You didn't happen to see my cat, did you?
Honey! have you seen the neighbour's new cat?
Where's your brother?
In or out? You'be been perfectly still for three hours.
This is what I get for moving into a gatored community.
The neighbor called you didn't see Fluffy out there did you?
The Johnsons called. Do you have something to tell me?
Did you forget the Gatorade?
Rose...did you order something from Amazon?
I suppose you want another ride down the drain!
Well look at what brought the cat in.
That's the Croc door Charlie! Alligators go around back.
Who are you and what have you done with Fido
That's my crocapoo.
Forgot your Swamp Perrier AGAIN?!
Back the fuck up.
Next door called and asked if we'd seen their kids.
Look! The gator gate works, so stop scratching the door!
If you keep eating the neighbor's pets you won't fit.
It sure as hell has been a while...
Honey, you never told me your mother was coming
Do you know how many manhole covers I hit my head on out looking for you?
The Primms have a place in Williamsburg now.
THIS is what you call 'in a while?!'
Like I said, we're out of Gator-ade!
"See you later alligator" doesn't mean that you're supposed to stay out all night.
Is this not a croc or what?
How was the play-date with the Olson's cat?" "Delicious.
Don’t think because you ate the dog, you can use his door.
Fido, I told you not to bring those ugly Crocs inside the house
Where have you been? I've been looking for you all night!
You better like kibble.
Death-rolling in the mud again?
I don't CARE if you like to go for a walk when it's raining. I DON'T like to go for a walk when it's raining.
I understand the door but how do you push the button on the elevator.
Well, well; if it isn't climate change!
I will NOT accept another cock-and-bull story about heavy traffic!
The O'Malleys called. Have you seen Mr. Whiskers?
Have you any idea what time it is?!
You've been more than a while...
OK Smiley, where's our dinner?
Did you maul the mailman again ?
How many times do I have to tell you, that door is for Fluffy? No minced mice for dessert tonight!
Have you been down in the sewers again?
Relax, “Crocs” is just their brand name!
Don't you feel safer since we moved to a gatored community?
Well, at least you don't bring in dead animals like the cat did. Say, where is the cat?
Is awhile up already?
You don't look locally sourced.
Honey, that's the last time we're ordering home delivery footwear!
I'd build a wall! Open door policy disastrous.
Naughty lizzard! How many times do I have to tell you to stay away from the neighbors cats?
Carol's dog better be in there!
I speak for both poor Fluffy and myself when I say this is not working out.
Don't Mr. Kelly me, Albert! Where is Pogo?
When I said 'See you later' I didn't mean 2 a.m.
Eating a postal worker is a federal offense!
You are leaving the flap open too long. We have a heating problem here!
"Reggie, did you escaped the zoo again?
I guess we have different definitions of "after a while"
I said I'll see you later gator.
No more pool toys for you until you stop popping them with your teeth!
So, do you intend to crawl back in through EVERY hole I've used to take a crap?
What do you mean, 'SEE YOU LATER COUCH POTATO'?
Did you remember to wipe your feet after playing in the swamp?
You need to lay low, this place is crawling with designers.
You don't even knock.
You can't come in if you're Muslim.
Partner in Crime?! I already broke a window and ransacked the joint, by the time you got in to unlock the door for me!
For the last time! Hook went back to Neverland!
No,Ralphie cannot come out and play 'catch the dog'.
Getting that industrial central vacuum system is the only way to clear out those larger pests.
I told you yesterday. This is Croc-Assistance. Gator-Aide is next door.
You haven't seen my new pair of Crocs, have ya?
I wish I'd never married you.
I hope you haven't been eating people food!
Well I figured out where Fifi is.
Don’t give me that look! Whom have you been playing with?
Another all-nighter!
How many times do I have to remind you to wipe your tail before you come in?
I guess you are what you eat.
You better cough up my furball!
So young lady, do you know what time it is?
Well, look what the cat didn't drag in!
OK you... I just got a call from the Post Office.
This is your definition of "in a while"?
OK...But I don't want to see any of those dog hairs I see between your teeth on the sofa.
You think you can just come and go as you please? Now, that's a croc.
I've been waiting up all night for you!
Good boy! Now remember, push don’t chew.
Did you eat one of the neighbor kids again?!
No, I did not say ‘see you later.’
You'd better have the cat with you, if you come through that door.
And what kept you out so late?
Cat have your tongue?" "Cough it up!
I told you to come in only by the back door.
Well, genius…apparently weird cat lady can count.
I don't suppose you can explain what happened to the mailman.
You can't just waltz in and eat my dog.
Clive! No! Please! Not the Pekinese in 4C!
Did you see the cat?
I told you to look out for that door! You saw what happened to the cat.
Did you see the cat while you were out there?
You haven't seen Fluffy, have you?
Is this your revenge for having been flushed down the toilet
Where have you been? We're swamped.
You're late again. You know, you can be replaced. It would be a lot easier to get a pair of boots and a handbag through that door.
Where have you been? The swamp closed hours ago!
I know you had fun at the arcade, but I'm not going to hit you in the face.
Looks like we need a way to stop the neighbor's alligator from using our crocodile door.
I asked for an exterminator not an alligator.
Did you remember the milk?!
Did you eat another neighbor's dog??
Look at what the cat let in this time...
"Later, alligator" does not mean 2 a.m.
No, the stadium is in the other direction!
It's a doggy door, not a gator gate.
she gave me indigestion for over 40 years!
This should train you to stop saying, 'See you later..alligator.'
If you don't move a helluva lot faster, you can kiss that tail goodbye !
In a while? Supper is beyond cold!
Alright you, open up.... where's Fluffy?
You're not Spot.
I've asked you a million times to wipe your feet before you come in!
Darn it, Rocky! I smell French Poodle on your breath!
"What, the La Costa shoot ran late… really?
For the last time Helen, Sex on the Beach is a mixed drink... not an activity!
Okay, where's Fifi?
You're late! No dinner for you tonight! And where's Coco?
Let me get this straight: You eat my dog, bust in through his door, and now you want some Gatorade?
You must have eaten Fido?
Come on...where's Kitty...
No dinner for you if you ate any more of our neighbors.
YouTube found it funny the first time; not the tenth.
The neighbors are complaining about you again. By the way, have you seen their poodle?
What was the point of the lock, again?
Marge, are you sure crocapoos are good with kids?
Back out, your crocs and gatorade are not in here.
This isn't what I meant by 'later.'
Honey, your alligator handbag kit has arrived.
I asked her not to leave the lid down.
"I called an exotic dancer, pal." [dancer in italics]
OK.....where is Spot?
I could hear you ticking a mile away.
I told you canvasing for Sanders in this neighborhood would be tough.
You keep coming home later and later, alligator.
I thought I told that I would you see you later
Are you bringing my cat home again?
Where the croc have you been!!!
Better start that New Years diet,because I'm not cutting that door again.
Admit it, you've been seeing another wrestler.
. . . and remember to leave the puppy parts outside!
Last week an alley cat. Today, an alligator!
are you looking for Mr. Woofers, or did you just eat him?
No Tommy - you live next door.
There you go, tracking water in again.
I don't care what they're made of, Al. Off with your street shoes!
Don't even try to to pull that "open relationship" bullshit.
So, why the long face?
Snap out of it!
The Johnsons' daughter is missing. I suppose you've already eaten.
No, I can't feed you now. Can't ya see I'm swamped.
Do I smell Uncle Al on your breath?
The guy's pet is a crocodile and he is screaming on him because it does something bad
Frankie! I'm going to have to cut a bigger pet door if you don't quit snacking on lap dogs.
Bad dog! You've hidden Daddy's glasses again.
I don't suppose you know where the dog is?
Not sure you're worth all this work ..for a purse and pair of boots.
The phrase 'you are what you eat' does not entitle you to use that door.
This is the last time you can couch surf here when there is sewer construction.
When did you begin to bark?
You're late! I went ahead and ate the water buffalo without you.
No, I didn't get your text about this year's "Monster" El Niño.
Oh my got, that's why I said I don't want to live in Australia!
Did you get the root canal like I asked?
The Justice Department may approve of this merger, but I don't!
Have you heard of our Lord and Savior?
Did you eat already?
... And how many cats this time?
'Later gator' does not mean two in the morning!
Late again?! Go straight to your tub.
What happened to the dog?
It is well past after a while, crocodile.
Gizmo - how many times have I told you not to play by the swamp!
Has it been a while already?
It's too dangerous out there Al, you could end up in a boutique!
This door's for the cat. You enter through the mud room.
Hook? . . . Sorry, the captain's on a cruise.
It's been QUITE a while.
I'm sorry! After a while crocodile does not mean all night.
You are late for dinner! I just hope you haven't been snacking on the neighbors again.
I didn't mean that much later, alligator!
You are required to pay rent too buddy!
Wheres the 'Rock' Elton?
This came-in problem is out of control!
The neighborhood cats are going missing again !
Ok, where did you put the neighbor's dog?
We really have to get you a new psoriasis medicine fluffy.
Johnny said you ate his homework
Did you wipe yourself?
So, how were things at the swamp today?
Did you have to pee in the pool?
I'm never getting a GMO dog again.
Thank goodness you're home. It's a jungle out there.
Late one more time, buster, and you're a handbag.
Biscuits, why are you still in your Halloween costume?
There you are, Mr. Snuggles!
You're not getting it, I said see you later!
When I placed that Amazon order, I didn't realize I needed to make the shoes from scratch.
Mrs. Johnson says another one of her cats is missing. You don't know anything about that, do you?
I don't care if you DO HAVE alligator skin footwear, you still need to wipe your feet.
What do you mean, "the appetizers that live next door" ?
Not now. Didn't I tell you 'See you in a while crocodile' ?
I think we need to talk, Mrs. Line in 4B was here looking for Little Bear, their rescue dog.
Were you next door bothering Simba again?
Low Sodium Diet pills my ass...
Try not to track in the pond scum.
shame on you! So many late night parties! All this "crocodile rock!"
I said, "See ya later," and I meant it.
"See you later..." is just an expression!
Did you bring home the bacon?
Hey, what happened to Buddy?!
What's happening in the moat?
Did you find the hydrant?
I guess this explains where Fluffy went.
And where, might I ask, have you been all night?
Frankly, whining that it is too hot outside is a croc!
Eat one more mailman and you won't get thru that door!
Darn pet doors. Last week it was a stray raccoon.
You could have knocked first. I'm not going to sign any petition on saving the Everglades.
I could have been a burglar and you wouldn't have even snapped at me.
I hope you wiped your feet
How many times do I have to tell you? The dog doesn't live here anymore.
"See you later, alligator" is just an expression. It was not a specific invitation.
Have you seen Peaches?
What did you do to kitty?
Yes your hips are bigger after the holidays.
God I hate Florida.
Marge those alligator shoes and handbag you order just walked in.
All deliveries shall use the back door.
So was this Hook tastier than Christopher Walken?
Upstairs to bed, the wildebeest are crossing the river tomorrow.
If you must know, I'm subletting from James Hook and where is my labradoodle?
Rough day at the orifice?
Don't give me that smile! You ate another mailman, didn't you?" "Don't give me that smile! You ate anther mailman, didn't you?
Well, you've come in like an alligator. Wonder what you'll go out as?
melvin, you know you cant come inside past ten
Which is it this time? Can't take the heat or coming in from the cold?
How do you plan on supporting this family when you're out all night?!
Spike, no! Outside! I said, "After a while!"
Honey, I think we might as well cancel Fido's appointment with the Dog Whisperer!
I told you moving to Florida was a bad idea!
Is there not one online dating service out there where people post actual pictures of themselves?!
Coco, bark once if you can hear me.
I don't suppose you've seen the Nussbaum's beagle?
Have you seen the twins? They were playing out back.
You're letting in all of the cold blood!
I said, "...after a while" and I meant, after a while!
Honey, why are there two locks on our door?
Take off that silly alligator costume, and I'll give you your dog biscuit.
I'm gonna start locking that door by nine o'clock.
Easting our cat doesn't give you her subtenancy.
So far, you’ve allowed a raccoon, 3 cats, 2 dogs and a skunk into the house. Back to the swimming pool or you’re fired!
For the last time, this is not for drive-thru orders.
I just got a call that Billy from next door is missing.
When I said "See you later," I meant three hours ago.
Honey! Your mother's here.
Was it number 1 or number 2?
I'm gonna take a wild guess you're not selling handbags.
You look guilty. Did you eat the neighbors new puppy?
mrs. smith wants to know if you've seen fluffy?
You already ate all of my pets. If you're hear for my wife, let me open door.
Just because it's a doggie-door doesn't mean you're trans-species.
Time to switch dermatologists, Sara.
I am not impressed.
Just remember,, if you eat me you'll never get outa here.
We're going to need a bigger doggy door.
What's with this tick, tick, tick? Captain Hook has been gone for an hour.
OK, Mr. Mittens. Where did you get the alligator costume?
Have you eaten another dog again?
I told you the cat needed to lose weight before we moved to Florida.
And where did the kids go after grandma and Fluffy were "abducted by aliens"?
Did you wipe your jaws before you came in?
I'm not going to tell you again, buddy. If you take down one more neighbor dog, your pool privileges are history.
Listen, I've told you that's not an alligadoor
How did it go at weight watchers?
How was your day in the swamp, dear?
"See you later" doesn't mean after curfew, young man. Go to your pool! And none of that "in awhile" nonsense, either!
You're home early, I said after while crocodile!
Honey, the DIY boots kit you ordered is here.
Back so soon? I said I'd see ya later.
You're too late, our dinner guests are gone.
Mrs. Baldwin in 820 can't find her Pomeranian.
I don't care who your collecting for, next time ring the bell.
Rex, either you've got psoriasis or I need glasses!
I told you that you would fit through the dog door.
Come on, honey, I'm not that drunk.
Our cat has a hangover from butchering the last alligator.
I will be back on time if you find me a mate!
Did you sneak out to the East River again?
"You went out for dinner AGAIN?" (Again should be in italics.)
Does this look like a golf course?
Too late. We've already had dinner.
By that contented look on your face, I can tell you've been helping reduce the cat over-population again.
Some Christmas present you are. I told her a grater. Never mind. Did you at least take care of that piece of fluff next door?
If you barf another Shih Tzu onto the carpet, you're history!
Your feet are muddy again!
Really, Fritz, this is taking, "see ya later, alligator," entirely too literally!
Bad Fluffy, Bad! First you swim in the neighbor's pool and now their chihuahua's missing! No supper for you!
Just out with friends, huh? What a croc.
You weren't supposed to leave the moat.
What!? Have you eaten the dog AGAIN?
You always keep coming back later, don't you alligator?
That door is for Fido to use...hey, wait a minute...
Honey! It's the neighbors' ugly dog again!
Lose that smug look . . . where's Fido?
Well, don't you look like the cat who ate the canary.
Get out of here - that port hole is for crocodiles, not alligators.
Did you first wipe your feet?
Arnold, how many times have I told you? Sunscreen! Please!
Where have you been?
I know you're trying to make amends for eating Duchess, but it's not working. Petting a scaly back doesn't do a thing for my blood pressure.
The neighbors are complaining again. You've just got to learn to play nice!
You're late. I ate without you and put the kids to bed.
Late for dinner again! Be careful, someone wants to turn you into a hand bag!
So, when I said, "later," your heard, "after the holidays?"
Now get it straight. You're not the subway gator and my head is not up for grabs.
Forget your purse?
Gatoraid
What do you know about the Carson's missing poodle?
Have you seen my shih tzu?
Back already? I said, "See you LATER!"
Caught in 4B's drain again ?
What do you mean you let Fido stay in the park by himself?
Did anybody tail you?
How many times have we been over this -ingress,egress - it's all the same to you isnt it ?
I don't suppose you've seen my cat.
I see you forgot your shoes again!
I just received a disturbing call from the petting zoo.
When I said, "See ya later," I didn't know you'd be this late!
I suppose you're looking for the crock pot.
Don't you ever knock first?
Up to your usual, looking for more tail ?
Stuck in the door again? I'll go get the Gatorade.
Did you eat the Smith's dog again?
Wipe that smirk off your face! Did you go to the Trump rally or not?
See you later alligator! Hey....make up your mind...in or out!
You've only been gone for five minutes. You call that "later"??
Sorry I'm late. We were down to the crunch, and I had to eat the auditor.
Naughty boy! Mrs. Ivor called to say you left our yard and ate her grandson.
I told you to stop using the doggy door. The alligator door is in the back.
Honey, I think your DIY "natural handbag and shoe kit" just arrived.
Thought I said to see you later.
I don't care if you are on BCE time. You're still late.
Flushing was a compassionate act!
I hope you've had dinner.
Now that I read my newspaper online, what are you good for?!
Still hungry?
What have done with Fluffy?
The neighbors said they saw you camouflaging in their yard again!
This is the third note I've gotten from your poacher, mister.
What did you do with the cat???
Well, I didn't expect to see you this much later.
Looks like you could use a chicken.
Before I clean your teeth you need to fill out a medical history and sign a non-aggression pact.
you just missed him
And I'll bet you forgot to shower before you went in the sewer.
your not my cat
Don't look so innocent. Where is my dog?
Hey, when I said, "See you later, alligator," it didn't mean you could stay out all night!
you know the rules. Crocs on inside.
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to Fido.
So you really have no idea at all what where the Silverstein’s dachshund is?
you're late, next time avoid, the fire hydrants!
It's a doggie door, not a gator door.
last week it was the neighbour. Who is it this time?
You're 3 hours early for feeding time!
Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "Caiman." "Caiman who?" "Caiman the doggie door.
They told me you could live out of water indefinitely, but not about your drinking problem.
Sit. Stay. STAY!!!
That's Fluffy's door! Hey, where's Fluffy?
I guess "in a while crocodile" is too vague for you!
After two weeks, Jerry was wondering if the alligator was holding back details of Fido's disappearance.
What do you mean you've come to 'drain the couch'?
You better not be hanging out by that drive through again. Not with your blood sugar.
What have you done with our doggie?
When I said, "See you later," I didn't actually mean it.
Did you give Rick Scott my message?
Don't you give me those crocodile tears again!
Don't make me play the luggage card.....
It's about time you got home. Where's your mother?
What took you so long? I was starting to worry!
Neighbours are complaining you've been trying to play "See you later, alligator..." with all the passers by.
We're out of gator food so I hope you found something to eat while you were out there.
Am I seein' a wee bit o' the hair o' the the dog that bit ye?
That was quite a while, Crocodile.
Hey, you're not Muffy. Where's Muffy?
WELL: don't even think about getting his DoggieBits !
Your Lacoste royalty check came.
Quite a while crocodile!
Where have you been? And don't give me any crocodile tears to try to distract me.
I said, "See you in awhile. AWHILE."
What was all that later and a while talk?
Out chasing boats again?
"I said, 'See you _later_.'" [note: underscore to indicate italics/underline]
I find it hard to believe you couldn't find a single golf ball I lost last weekend.
You promised to be home before the clock struck twelve.
Ahh... So you're the one cleaning up around here
How many times do I have to tell you to use the back door!
I was going to ask whether or not the "cat got your tongue," but you obviously got the cat.
When the neighbors call looking for their cat, what should I tell them?
I told you to first wipe your feet!
Well, look at what brought in the cat.
What are you doing back? I thought I said I'll see you later.
You know you shouldn't go out without your collar
"Schedule "C" ? You gotta be kidding me"!
Well, I guess it HAS been awhile..
Marge, your mother's back.
One of these days Jim, you are going to end up on Wall Street.
Now ain't that a croc
Is this your idea of "after a while..."?
Sit, dammit!
I knew you'd come back crawling on your hands and knees.
The neighbors are missing their poodle. Anything to say about that?
Yes, it has been a long time, and no, you weren't kidnapped - I flushed you down the toilet.
'See ya later', already?
No paper again?
I told you to be nice to the neighbor's poodle
Use the back door, you're scaring the neighbors.
I once had a pet alligator, but I'm not sure you're him!
Did you eat the neighbors again?
Get over it Fido, trick or treat ended last week!
So THAT's why Wiggles wouldn't come when I called!!
Don't give me that innocent look. Another neighbor called – that's five cats missing this week.
Martha, come here. I've finally got proof we shouldn't have moved to Florida.
I can smell puppy on your breath.
It has not been a while!
Ate the neighbors again, did you?
This is way past "later".
You forgot my newspaper.
So, you bring any snacks?
I knew we shouldn't have moved to a gatored community.
For the last time - you go through the door head first!
Honey, guess what dragged the cat in?
No din-din until you tell me where Fluffy is.
You didn't happen to see my dog while you were out there, did you?
Well, well. Look what dragged in the cat.
Didn't I flush you a couple of years ago?
Fido- if you devolve anymore... You'll be A FISH!
And don't just keep saying, "What up Dawg!"
You could've at least wiped your feet.
Don't tell me you've been playing with the girls again!
How was wrestling?
Hey, where's Mr. Meow?
Where've you been, you old bag?
I've been worried sick. Do you know what time it is?
Stop eating the neighbors or you won't fit through the door!
Did you take care of that yappy dog on the fifth floor?
Hey-Wipe your feet!!!
How many times do I have to tell you I'm not interested in your stupid drink.
Why can't you use the toilet like other urban myths!
Tongue got my cat?
Now, was that "in a while"?
'See you later' means before eleven.
So who did you eat tonight
What do you think this is--Del Croca Vista?
This isn't "later." This isn't "in a while." Just what kind of animal are you?
Dinner is not for another hour, but looks like you've already eaten..... spot
Did you death roll in something again?
Next time you go gallivanting around the neighborhood, leave a note or it’s off to the shoe factory.
You lost your collar again!
And don't tell me the mailman tasted like chicken.
I said, 'In a while,' not all night.
ok, ok, ok. . .alli go get some gatorade
Doris! This online shopping has gone too far.
You're late for lunch or are you?
'See you later, alligator' doesn't mean 3:00 A.M.
Make it snappy.
You look way too full.
Be quick about it...you never know what might follow you in....
Will you look how the cat got dragged in!
Earlier when I said "later...gator", I didn't mean this much later! You're grounded!
I thought we both agreed that I would see you LATER.
I said "later", not tomorrow.
I told you a million times, the door is for the dog.
What have you done with Snowy?
Just because you ate Fifi doesn't mean you can use her door.
have you been teasing the neighbour dog, Fluffy?
You thought that if you can came crawling back to me, I'd relent? What a croc!
You can't possibly be the tile rep.
Did you go out without your Crocs again?
Back on out now,smooth and easy.
The handbag and shoe departments are next door.
Young man, have her back by 11.
What, they were out of Gatorade again?
Thanks for bringing Spot home.
Sparky II, I said stay outside! You lost your "inside" privileges when you ate Sparky.
If you're this late one more time, I'm throwing out your Lacoste towel.
Alligator my eye. That's a croc and you know it.
I really shouldn't have listened to that gator salesman.
Yes, I see it works. I still don't need an alligator door.
You realize how swamp I am!
Bad crockie! You ate the paper and the paperboy again?
You said you would have the cat home by 10.
Mind your manners. You just entered the 21st century!
On the contrary--I think 'Stand Your Ground' would apply very well here!
Where were you last night and what do know about our neighbor's missing dog?
Have you been eating out of the subway again?
I've been worried sick, waiting by the toilet.
You can stay for a while, but only till Alice and Fluffy come home.
Because you ate my dog, your entitled to use the doggie door?!
When I said "see you later alligator," I was just being polite. I never want to see you again.
I guess they don't call you a knock-odile!
Help! A crook-odile is coming into my home!
Fido, you need a Snickers.
Sorry, I'm fresh out of Gatorade.
No, you can't go backwards!
Have you been out to the swamp again?
I’ve just about had it with this global warming excuse.
What took you so long?
What happens in the Everglades -- well, I guess not.
"Hmm, should I say 'See you later', or 'After a while'?
I should have bought the organic friskies.
Eat another postman and you wont fit through your flap.
where are your candies, kitty cat?
They told me this would happen when I moved to Florida.
How many times have I told you? The neighbors' dogs do not qualify as good eating.
I don't care if you couldn't reach the bell.
For the last time, I don't want to add cable to my internet package!
Well, look who's back. Anything you want to say to me?
If the door fits, use it does not apply in this case
What happens when the alligator door slams down on your tail, Mr. Wise Guy?
How many times do I have to flush you?
About time! I knew you wouldn't like sewer life.
Woof?
Now this is the last time I'm going to ask nicely... What part of "see you later, alligator" don't you understand?
Didn't I tell you to use the front door ?
The condo association is not going to be happy with this.
How isn't this a better way of getting in and out then the toilet.
What happened to I'll see you later.
I've never seen an alligator do it doggy style.
Wipe those claws, mister!
Please, just ring the bell next time!
What do you mean you "identify as alligator?"
I was wondering if you had a moment to discuss your current energy provider
Did you forget about your appointment at the groomers or just not care?
No, they're not Crocs.
Three o'clock in the morning is not "in a while".
It's a jungle out there.
Looks like I'll never let you and Fluffy out together again at lunchtime!
You have NO business in Tallahassee !!!
And what did we say we were never ever going to do with little Fifi.
No mail again, and don't you look guilty.
Rough day, Fluffy?"
Beats coming in through the toilette, doesn't it?
I said I needed red tile not reptile.
There she is. The croc that ate the canary.
Where have you been and don't give me some croc and bull story either.
Snowball, you're not fooling anyone with that disguise.
You know Susan, I think the problem is we can't see eye-to-eye.
Life is scary in Florida.
First you eat Fluffy, now you want to move in ?
Who the hell do you think you are traipsing in here like this! I just vacuumed the rug.
I told you I would see you later.
And what did you leave me on the porch this time?
How many times have I told you? Wipe your feet when you come in from the swamp!
Guess you heard the can opener.
That's the strangest looking dachshund I've ever seen.
Marge, don't bother to buy any more dog food.
Oh, Rover! Crocodile is so 1987.
When I said 'see ya later' I didn't mean midnight.
He may be a saint-but he stinks at poker!
I see you forgot to take your keys again.
I told you to wait down by the pond!
Hey! What part of "See you later, alligator" do you not understand?
Hope you are steering clear of the DeVil yard. You know what their Great Aunt Cruella was up to...
What did I say about playing fetch with the neighbor's dog? . . . Go after the ball, not the dog!
When I said "see ya later", I meant much later!
Well, I see you forgot your keys again.
"See you later, alligator" didn't mean this late, pal.
Did we snack at the playground again?
I suppose I'll be getting another call from the Post Office
You're out past your curfew!
Whiskers! Are you in there?
Who locked the front door?
You can't be just a lounge lizard anymore! With the Governor's Executive Order in effect, you could have been picked up and taken to a shelter!
UGH This is the last time I'm putting up a found alligator sign in our apartment.
Hey! My son's homework was in that dog!
Nice costume but you're still a Dachshund.
Smells like somebody's been playing in the sewer again.
Number 2 again?
Boy Rex, you sure show it when you're stubborn.
Why do you insist on going out in that ridiculous suit? You're a housecat, Steven!
Maybe you didn't hear me. I said see you later alligator.
Don't play cute with me, where's the cat?
I don't suppose you've seen my little dog...
You need to stop eating like this.
I know it's a jungle out there, but your curfew is still midnight.
No, we don't have any more "cat" snacks
Crocodile-embossed leather bags may be "in," but everyone wants the real thing...
Ralph, go back in the swamp. And make it snappy.
Bert - Alice is an indoors Alligator. You're an outdoors alligator.
Did you wipe your feet...And your tail?
Mrs. Olsen called. She's missing her cat.
You're not Bubbles.
You've been gone three billion years!
Let me guess, Fido went too close to the pond again.
When I said to stop the dog from barking, I didn't mean eat him!
I thought I told you to enter through the toilet.
That was quick. Did you poop?
You were to fetch the newspaper, not eat it.
Don't be traipsing in here at this hour with that grin on your face
Hey, Mona! Your urban legend just strolled through the dog door.
You can bet the papers will be calling this "GatorGate"!
Later doesn't mean you can stay out all night!
The neighbors are complaining again. You can't just ring their doorbell and run away!
Before you use that Ipad, I need to know your password!
Thanks a lot. The post office just called, no more delivery.
Just because you ate my cat does not mean you get to use the cat door!
Back so soon, I said "later"!
did you know your bath-room pipes are clogged
Shoo! I told you I'm all out of packing peanuts!
I don't suppose you know where Whiskers is?
I know where you've been, you cold blooded bitch.
It's about time you got home! Your guests for dinner are here already.
OK, but where's Fido?
Just 'cuz you ate our cat, doesn't mean you can use her door!
Stretching the definition of 'in a while', aren't we?
The neighbors complain that you're gallivanting around again.
Well I'm swamped too.
Don't give me those crocodile tears?? You ate the postman again didn't you.
Don't play dumb with me!
Why the sheepish look this time?
What do you mean, you don't know where Agnes is?
I could snap any minute.
What exactly do you mean by "See ya later?"
Winston, H.R. just informed me that you didn't attend "Minorities In The Workplace".
That's for the cat. You're not an outside gator.
My alligator only has teeth on the bottom!
Where the hell have you been, kitty?!
Au contraire! If the door fits, one need not admit.
I don't care how cold it is or how short your legs are. Get back out there!
Little "Fluffy" didn't come home last night. Do you know where she is? Wait, do I smell toy poodle on your breath?
Rummaging through Miss Gulch's garden again, Toto? I told you what her great-grandmother did to mine.
Reptile dysfunction.
Still dog-eat-dog out there?
That is not the alligate, it is the crocodoor!
What a crock!...I thought they sold me a dog flap.
The previous owners warned me you might come back! --Whaddya want?!?
no! no! lambchop
Are you looking at my alligator shoes?
Fido! You're late! I'm late for my appointment with my optometrist so Mother will be stopping by to feed you.
Alfie, you have your own door.. this one is for Ruby, the dog.
Ooooo ... a dinosaur, like The New Yorker!!!
SEAL THE BORDERS
I thought I told you to knock first.
I said this door is for guests only.
Please, not the cat that ate the canary smile!
What part of you "see you later" did you not understand?
I thought I told you 'after a while.'
"See you later Alligator" does not extend your curfew any more than "After while, Crocodile".
Where were you last night?
Marcus, where's the cat?!
Automated floor cleaning version 1.0
I think you have the wrong address
I was worried sick about the neighborhood cats.
Just because you're dating my poodle doesn't mean you can come in uninvited.
You have some nerve coming in at 2:00 in the morning with flesh on your breath.
You know that's Felix's door! Where's Felix?
Now flush the toilet this time.
"In a while" does not mean three days!
Oh, so the sewer's not good enough for us anymore?
Now where's that kitty? Bad croc! Bad croc!
You're supposed to wipe your feet before you come inside.
I guess I should thank you for fetching the cat!
If you've been where I think you've been, I hope you at least wiped your feet.
Getting pretty loose with those "See you laters".
I suppose you didn't happen to come across Fifi while you were out?
I just got a call from the Barkers. Their dog is missing.
I expect she's ordered you from Amazon... or maybe the Nile!
Late night snacks are bad for your waistline!
Did you go potty?
O.K. You just ate my dog. But you still can't use the dog door.
I told you that's the dog door! By the way, where's the dog?
Another rough day at the swamp?
Your entrance from the NY City Sewer System is through the toilet!
"After a while" doesn't mean all night.
My my, Kitty, what a big snout you have!
'Consuming house pets does not grant you access to their home.'
Late again? So much for that internal clock of yours.
For the third time, these shoes are not your brother's
Awhile indeed.
Do you know anything about Dr. Schrödinger's cat?
Hoppin' and Boppin'?
I told already told you: Mr. Irwin does not live here anymore.
You've got to stop eating those golfers or you'll never fit through that door!
Those crocodile tears won't work on me - mostly because you're an alligator!
I'm afraid you have become dead wood
I knew one day you would come crawling back!
I generally refrain from using idle threats, but next time you break curfew, you're a pair of shoes.
Only my cat is allowed to enter through the lower door, not her nightmares.
Well?!! Did you eat yet, or should I make you something for dinner?
You'd better stay on your diet or pretty soon you're not going to fit through that door.
Fuzzy? Fuzzy? You in there Fuzzy?
I see those tears?". Where's the dog?
Well, don't you look like the crocodile that ate the cat!
Go right back out and find the cat
Leroy, what have they done to you!?
I still can't believe I thought the agent said it was a friendly GATED community
You're home late aagaib, so I'm canceling our trip to the Everglades
Do you know it is past eleven?
Have you been hanging out at the lagoon again?
I thought you said the clock had a new battery.
You're dragged yourself late to dinner again.
You know, you are so close to becoming 50 purses.
herding cats again, eh?
Late for dinner again! The wildebeest is cold.
Where's the milk?
I see you met my dog Lucky.
What part of “later” don’t you understand?
Wait, I ordered a pair of Crocs.
Ewww, dog breath!
You missed supper!
Dont look at me like that. You know that the alligadoor is a privilege and not an entitlement.
Oh, no you di-in't
Kitty caught a ride, huh?
You've eaten all my pets. What more could you possibly want?
I believe I said, "after a while..."
Could you be less dogmatic?
Where have you been all day ? And don't give your usual crock !
Do you know what time it is? You'll be crying real tears when you come home one of these days and I'm not here.
Hello from the other side.
Did you eat the dog or the cat?
Tuition money run out again?
I don't care if the dog is in your stomach. You still can't use his door.
Not until it's a cow that comes home Marge!
You went out for supper?"
Alright, where's Fido?
You keep chomping down on the neighborhood kids and their pets and you won't fit through the doorway anymore.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU ....?!!!
Late again! Don't you have a watch?
Is it 'in a while' already?
Where have you been all weekend? Your agent phoned twice.
OUT damn Spot, out I say!
You know that's the manatee's door.
I said I needed a new gate/door, not a gator!
So, Mr. Smiley, where's your retainer?
Honey! It's Amazon.com, not Amazon.net!
How'd you get outside!
Sober up, there's gatorade in the frige
So you call yourself an insta-gator, do you?
Well, Spot, I warned you not to go swimming in that river.
What do you mean, you were JUST following the cat?
I guess the alligator pants I ordered are authentic, but no snake skin boots!?
And wipe that smile off your face.
Happy now? Because of you I can't get anymore dogs.
I said "See ya later" not "after while"!
Well, the neighbors are angry again. You just HAVE to stay out of their pool!
Did you eat another paper boy?!
When I said, 'See ya later,' that didn't mean you could come crawling in at 4:00 AM.
Here for the cat take out dinner?
Tell me you didn't.
Come on in. The wife must have ordered some new shoes.
This pub crawling has to stop.
Did you forget your keys again? That's for the dog!
I'm not going to say it again...a couple more poodles and you won't fit through there anymore!
Did you see little Fifi on your way in?
Only in Florida. Crime, Retirement, and Alligatoridae.
So . . . the sun sets and the prodigal ectotherm returns
I suppose you've left your droppings in Paul's yard again.
I said, see you later, gator.
Fluffy, have you been a bad boy again?
Cute. Come back when you can fetch.
Neither later nor after a while.
Clearly, you can't tell the difference between an alligator door and a crocodile door.
I wish I knew how to quit you
......No!..You aren't what you eat.
No, use the toilet like we showed you!
More complaints from the poodle owners?
If you don't want be a belt or a wallet, you better get out of here now.
Quite the arrival, crocodile...
Late again! You're grounded young man.
So where is Fluffy?
I wasn't expecting you until later.
We're going to need a bigger collar.
Where on earth have you been, Maurice? I've been worried sick.
I thought I made it crystal clear that you are not to sneak in after swamp hopping!
Which part of 'in a while' did you not understand?
Leona, where is your retainer?
That was both later and after a while.
We need to limit the powers of these private investi-gators!
How many times to I have tell you to wipe your feet?
Ok,Ralph,where's Miss Kitty ?"
Mrs. Maxwell called. Do you know anything about her missing pit bull?
How many times do I have to remind you to enter through the plumbing.
Where the hell have you been!
No, I don't take The Crocodile as my lord and savior!
I can handle it. Is Snuffy history?
Alligator, Alligator, you ate my cat! Tomorrow, you'll be my shoes, suitcase and hat.
wipe that smirk off your face.
If I told you once I've told you a thousand times, you use the back pet entrance.
One more poodle and we're gonna have to get a bigger door!
I hope you found something to eat on the way here.
Do you know what time it is? I told you to be home by 10 o'clock!
Alright, cough up the kitty!
Do you know what happens to alligators that don't wipe their feet?" "I know..... boots.
1)Where's the dog? 2)How many times do I have to tell you to knock before entering?
My skin is so dry did you get the lotion??
Don't tell me you've been at the swamp this late!
I've heard a lot of excuses, but this one's a crock.
And whose going to clean up those eggs on the carpet?
That does it! I've had it with the 2016 election season--New Hampshire and Iowa haven't even voted yet.
You would be a much better social partner as a new pair of boots.
Have you been out grazing at the dog park again?
Who do you think you are, 'Crocodile Dundee'?
Are you back for shark week?
If I told you once, I told you twice, you need to wipe your feet before you come in!!
It's just not very American to come in uninvited.
Our immigration policy is too lenient.
DON'T COME CRAWLING BACK AND EXPECT ME TO FORGIVE YOU!
Apparently someone doesn't know what "see you later" means.
I've got some bones to pick with you: where's the cat?
We went over this already,! First day the cat goes missing and you lose your in and out privileges.
Muffy, have you been poking around the toxic waste dump again?
Your late. Now make it snappy!
Crocodile tears will not get you out of curfew.
Dolores, you sure are one ugly drunk.
I suppose you won't want dinner again tonight.
Do we need our raincoats?
Endangered doesn't mean entitled to eat the neighbor's cat.
Look at you! You need to go on a diet!
Do we even have a dog ?
Alligator alley is the other direction.
I got another call from the people at the dog park
I distinctly said I'd see you LATER!
Does this mean we will not be seeing our dog again?
that's the third paperboy this year.
It's past midnight and you're too literal, alligator.
You're not Fi-Fi. Where's Fi-Fi?
Why can't you come up the toilet like everyone else?
Could've sworn I said, "See you later." So get going.
You will lose the special privilege if you gain any more weight.
Where's my Havanese?
It doesn't matter if you act like a dog; you still taste like chicken.
When I said "seee you later" I didn't mean 3:00am!
I'm gonna need to see some ID
You look like the croc that ate the canary!
Have you seen Mr.Matsuko's little dog, Cupcake? For that matter, when is the last time you saw Mr. Matsuko?
I have a perfectly good toilet for you to climb up you know.
Contrary to popular belief, you are not what you eat.
Do you know what time it is? No more Crocodile Rock, or it's See you Later Alligator.
If you keep eating peoples' pets, you're not going to fit through that door.
Once again: Crocs in the front door; alligators through the back one.
2:30 a,m, is not my idea of "after while!'
So how exactly do you know Fifi?
Well, ain't that a croc.
Ok. No more canned dog food if you promise not to eat me.
Just because you ate the cat doesn't mean you can use the cat door.
Kyle, I hope you wiped your feet.
I thought I said 'stay'
The neighbor's cat is missing. Do I even need to ask?
Crikey! Haven't you ever heard of knocking?
After my life went down the drain I met an urban legend.
WTF! IT'S THE YEAR OF THE MONKEY!
Joey sent you?
All right, cough up the cat.
Should I ask what happened to the cat?
Bad boy; now, cough up Rover.
You don't think I know when you come home half crocked ?
How many times do I have to tell you not to use this door?
How did you get past the dog?
Looks like a gator raid
Did you forget the milk again?
Don't give me another bellyful!
The neighbors just called. We gotta talk!
Have you seen Tinkerbell?
What did you do with Snuggles?
They said the water table was rising.
Have you seen my poodle?
I believe there's something you want to tell me.
What did I say about eating the neighbors?
Just in time! My boots wore out last week!
Yeah, it's a tight squeeze. You shouldn't have eaten the Husky.
Oh, Job, how many times have we discussed this? Missing cat flyers coming soon no doubt. Sigh.
I'm not going to ask you where you've been
We DO recall Daddy's little curfew discussion, do we not? A pocketbook with matching shoes and belt? Succulent tail meat?
If you keep snacking on delivery boys, you won't fit through that door one day!
If you don't come running when I call you, don't be surprised if your food gets away.
What ? what d'ya mean it's a jungle out there !
Wrong door. We're Florida State fans.
Did you have another DOGGIE SNACK!
Oh? Well I called the swamp.
Do you know what time it is? Your mother and I have been worried sick.
I would like to believe your bark is worse than your bite, but what's that yapping sound I hear?
You know, "you are what eat" is just an expression.
Dont give me that look. Where's Timmy?
Oh good, he fits!
I told you, that' a doggie door. Now go back out and this time, come in right.
Hold it! I want to post this on Youtube.
No, no, I ordered the shoes.
The police called again.
No, you can't sleep on the bed.
Doggy doors are too stereotypical.
Not what I expected when signing up for Amazon rainforest Prime delivery.
Bout time you came home, I've been worried sick you'd been turned into a pair of boots.
Did you eat any of the neighbor's pets today?
Your only virtue is that you don't shed.
I was sure I said see you later!
You better be some kind of dog Uber.
Didn't I tell you to knock!
I told you Spike hates it when you use his door. Wait a minute! Where's Spike?
Honey, come see! Fido came home in a purse.
I thought we agreed you'd just be gone for a while.
Pussy cats are priveledge not a right.
Too good for the gator door™?
Rosco are you in there?
Well that's dogs zero, cats zero, alligator four...
Being a star on the Secret Life of Crocs, does not entitle you to sneak back at this hour
Done give me that shape-ism stuff - you fit just fine through a square door!
Well, this is a croc !
I told you my shoes are leather. You have no skin in this game.
You've got a nerve, just because you got rid of the dog, don't think your going to use his door.
You mean to tell me these are shoes I ordered with "some assembly required"?
A visit from the Grim Reaper's sidekick - Croak-o-die-l.
Mrs. Kupinsky called. . .how many times do I have to say it? All the cats you want, but NO POODLES.
Florence, I don't think Muffy is coming back.
Well, the nutria is cold and your room is still a mess!
Morris, how many times have I told you to stay away from those worm holes?
If Max isn't right behind you, daddy has a new pair of shoes.
No more krokodil for you boy!
Mi Casa, Lacoste
I really think I've just been enabling you with that doggy door. Seriously, starting tomorrow, I want you to start evolving and grow some opposable thumbs.
Jeb sent me.
If you miss curfew one more time, you can forget about trips to the duck pond!
Honey, your Amazon drone order is here.
That's the last time you miss curfew, young lady — you're grounded.
I hate to ask, but did you leave my wife outside?
Lucy, you've got some 'splainin' to do.
This coming home 'later', 'after while' stuff has got to stop!
Wipe your feet, your wallet, and shoes.
If crawling up through the toilet is good enough for me, it is good enough for you, mister!
Florida doggie door
Can you help Evelyn with the groceries?
Well, they said it would be different living in Florida.
My, my, my. Look what dragged in the cat.
Where's Maggie?
Did you leave your bone outside again?
But, I told you dinner wouldn't be ready til 6.
Now fetch me my waders.
I told you, when you think you're going to death roll one of the neighbors, just give me a call and tell me which one.
Did you wipe your feet before you came in?
Where is your gator aide??
You'd better not barf up another dog.
Stop your whining. They are not your relatives.
So, you ate the dog and you wanna be the new pet?
Rocco!... Have you seen little Fluffy?
No, Barkley can't come to your house for lunch!
Stop by anytime - is just a saying.
Welcome home. I trust you both my ex-wife's cats, as I requested.
Dear, I gave you $9500 for a facelift and yet you keep coming back on fours, smh.
Next time just leave a note instead of putting a pair of my boots under your covers.
Where's my THIRD wife Doris, now?
That's the worst 'Meow' I've heard in my life.
Now, I wonder where the Louisiana sheriff went to?
I thought you were picking up dinner!
And don't tell me your taxi driver didn't know how to get to Brooklyn!
When I said 'See you later,' I didn't mean two weeks.
You again? Didn't I already show you my American passport?
Mr. Harris called about his koi pond. Bad croc!
Don't lie to me. I can smell frog on your breath.
Welcome, Erin. You look slightly hungry.
Chomper! It's past twelve—I've been worried sick!
I still think you were mis-labeled at the pet store. You've grown up looking nothing like out last Bixhon Frise
Just because all your friends eat unsuspecting villagers for lunch doesn't mean you have to, too.
The lady with the alligator purse is out buying shoes.
Well, well... what brings in the cat this time?
Caiman . . . make yourself at home.
From now on, how about if you knock first?
Turn yourself right back around. I was completely across the creek before I insulted you.
You were swamped... That's always your excuse.
Sorry. Right now we aren't really swamped.
I've heard all your late excuses, but this one is quite a croc!
There's too much croc in this doodle!
Working late again? That's a croc!
What is your beef?
Lassie, what did you with Timmie?
So which was it this time, 'after awhile', or 'later'?
You disappear for hours with not so much as a "see you later"
I checked the HOA bylaws: there is no mention of a 'gatored community.'
What do you not understand about 'see you LATER'?
Didn't I tell you to growl before entering?
You've got cat breath
Well, where is the newspaper?
I suppose you already ate dinner.
After a while?
How many times do I have to tell you? I'm not voting for Marco Rubio.
I told you that costume was for Halloween only.
One more golfer and you won't fit anymore
I did not install that gator gate so you could eat out anytime you please.
Edith, did you drain the swamp?
You'd better have my dog inside you.
You're not supposed to be here until later.
Too soon.
Fifi's come back in the luggage.
as I told you Before, use the hater door in. The garage!
It's about time you got home! I've been worried sick!
He's doing it backwards again!
I thought we agreed I'd see you later.
'See you later' doesn't mean 3 AM, mister.
Into bed and make it snappy!
Why the long face???
I don't care if your alligator friends's parents let him stay out later. "In a while" means midnight, mister!
Honey, I have another reason why we should have retired in Arizona and not in Florida.
Hold it, turn around! Sewer, you know?
Why didn't the cat beat you home tonight?
Did you bring home dinner?
Now you just wipe off that mailman eating grin!
Hey! What happened to the paper I asked you to get? And why are you so happy?
I'm canceling my condo fee!
Fluffy, you're late for dinner.
What did I tell you about leaving dead natives on the doormat?!!!
Florida's getting old.
You just back right out and wipe your feet young man.
I thought I'd see you later. Or was it just in a while?
Is that Jose Cuervo on your breath?
Come on in. Fido and the gang are in the parlor playing cards.
I suppose you want your dinner.
For the last time that flap is only for alligators, not crocs.
That's not a Crocodile Door! And I know the difference!
Why does your breath always smell like mailmen?
Late again? I told you that you never should've swallowed that clock.
'Later alligator' doesn't mean ignore your curfew.
Five more minutes and you'd have been a purse and matching shoes.
I already told you I have a new model for life-drawing class!
We need to talk about the bones in the yard.
I guess wetlands development is the new La Brea Tar Pits.
It was just a brush off line; I really didn't mean to see you later.
Is that swampwater, I smell?
I thought I said, "After a while."
That's a bunch of crock--you know the delivery man is not a pizza topping.
Our alley cattin' again?
I can't tell how to tell you good-bye 'See you later', 'in a while' ?
And where is the mailman?
Have you digested Rover yet or not?
Pet store collections department again?
What did I tell you about wiping your feet before coming in the house!
What part of "See you later" wasn't clear?
Have you seen my car keys? And where is the newspaper? Where have you been all day? Dog gone it.
And where's Buffy?
Were you down at the community wading pool again?
I knew the Christmas-tree-stand would become a swamp, left up this long.
I should have known better than to order that pet door from Amazon.
Is dinner ready?
My mother in law is here for a visit. Top of the stairs to the right.
You have got to stop chasing the Amazon truck.
Answer me! Cat got your tongue?
He was not uber delicious, he was our ride!
Just because you have alligator arms doesn't mean that you can't use the regular door like everyone else.
I wasn't joking when I said I'd see you later!
You haven't seen my dog and my cat and my tortoise, have you?
Trust me, you ate my last one.
You must have taken a right at Naples. You should have gone straight to get to Pine Island Sound.
He didn’t tell me there’d be a guest for dinner.
Nice try, but I'm the head zookeeper and you're no 'El Chapo'.
Hey! Aren't you supposed to use the bathroom?
What did I tell you about being out after curfew?
Sorry for the confusion but we had called a meeting with our litigator.
Have you eaten?
Well, well, well. If it isn't Mr. After-a-While.
You forgot the milk, Stanley my boy. I specifically asked you to stop for milk!
And HOW are you related to my wife's handbag?
That's a cat door, you idiot.
Sorry about that toilet incident when I was twelve.
What do you mean you went out for a bite?
Now what?
"See you later?" It's 3am, missy!
Come home late one more time and I'll turn you into shoes and a belt!
You're my self-driving vehicle?
Well, I see that SOMEBODY left his shoes in the mud room again.
Dammit, I said 'See you later.' I'm not gonna say it again.
You're the dog now, man.
The cat's in the living room. Make it quick.
I don't care if you have 5 stars on Yelp. I'm not paying that much to get rid of one mouse.
Where's your security clearance?
Okay, where have you been? Cough it up.
I don't care if someone from Prada is out there.
Eating too many! Need bigger door!
Either I mispoke,or you really are the fumigator I asked for.
I'm sick and tired of your tomcatting! Shape up or I'm shipping you back to the Everglades!
Fido! Stop playing jokes!
YOUR pet door has YOUR name on it for a reason!
After losing the presidential election, Donald Trump berates his consolatory pet alligator for burying his toupee in the yard yet again.
Okay, tough guy - where's the antelope?
This isn't my idea of 'later'.
Nuance was never your long suit.
Out catting around again, eh?
I can't rhyme 'see you later' with anything else.
well, doggone!
Wintering in Florida is just too weird. I'm going back to New York
How many golf balls this time?
Oh for God's sake, Martha!
...not without wiping your feet, you don't!
Listen, Snap, I'm your pop and I demand to know what you did with Crackle.
I said retrieve the dog, not swallow it.
Tick-Tock, your late
I hope you didn't spoil your appetite!
In a while, not awhile. You know the difference.
Fido? You in there?
Don't worry, your end-user agreement ends soon.
We need to talk ...
Honestly, I've told you a hundred times to wipe your claws before coming inside?
I must have forgot to tip the doorman this year.
So you're the punchline of the knock-knock joke!
For the last time: Clean your feet when you come in from the sewer!
What about "in a while "did you not understand?
The poodle I put on Craigs List is a pet.
I can't come out and play right now.
And I'm not falling your crocodile tears, this time!
My Mitzi is not going out with any swamp dog, so slither your tail right back out of here and let it be a warning if the door slaps you in the snout.
Break curfew once more and you're shoes!
Give it up. Her purse did not resemble someone you know!
Fluffy is pulling your tail because you used his door again!
Past curfew again! Were you canoodling with Ms. Brown's poodle again?
Do you think you can just come and go whenever you feel like it?
El Chapo's men called. They want to hire you as a consultant.
Probably because his diet consisted of salmon and tuna bits with giblet gravy...
I won't tell you again, 'Neighbors are not gifts!'
I don't know why my shoes look familiar.
Fido, I told you not to hang with that crowd
By "in a while" I didn't mean "past your bedtime," crocodile.
Fido! How many times have I asked you to please not bring your friends into the house!
You were supposed to text me.
OK, what happened to Poochie?
...and you smell like a sewer.
Of course you're stuck--stop waggin' your tail.
You text with me a 'u up' and then let yourself in? You're one cocky sonofabitch, Todd.
I told you not to go out! Someday you'll wind up in a belt or shoes.
Audrey, I told you we shouldn't have moved to the suburbs.
First you could knock!
How many times have I told you to wipe your feet before you come in
Just the newspaper, you keep the deliverer
Hungry? Or have you eaten?
OK, we'll get another dog. But this is the last time.
Okay, cough up the cat.
No, I did not say See you later as alligator.
Come in or go out. Don't just stand there.
''See you later alligator, doesn't mean you stay out all night."
Boy you have grown. I guess I have to make the door bigger.
No newspaper again? And where are my slippers?
Late in the door again! I don't want another long tail croc of an excuse.
What did I tell you about wiping your feet?
What have you done with my dog skin shoes?
Let me guess-- it was only a nocturnal courtship ritual.
Dinner's on the table but I can tell you've already eaten.
Think of the bright side, his bark is worst then his bite..
I was expecting my cat -- not a lobbyist.
Honey, did you order do-it-yourself luggage?
Where have you been? That was a lot longer than a while.
What took you so long? I said after awhile, not after forever!
What he lacks in bark he makes up for in bite
I stayed up all night waiting for you!
A clock in your stomach and you still can’t come home before curfew.
This is the last time I order a pet online.
I'm not buying those tears!
After another failed hunt, Oscar learns his costume has limits.
And I thought package delivery by drones was a bad idea!
There is a doorbell, you know.
I find no irony in the fact that I'm wearing crocs.
Some mouser you are!
Did you eat my paper?
Just so you know this puts you on my invasive species list.
You want to cross-specie to croc?
You know why we can't go back to the off-leash park.
Bad dog! You've been out catting around again, haven't you?
What do you mean, you've already eaten?
Spot, get out of that alligator!
Whose a good little gator?
And why didn't you call?
For the last time, have you seen Fluffy and Muffy?
You look hungry. Let me get the wife
Your agent called. They want you for Hook II.
See you later, Alligator." "After awhile, Man Named Kyle.
Nice try Buffy...but I can see the zipper.
looks like we need a bigger gate-or
are you trying to tell me something?
Your mother called.
That was a lot longer than "After while".
If you cuddle, I'll forget about the cat.
Did you poop in the neighbor's yard again?
Ms. Smith called. She's missing her cat. Something got your tongue?
Has it already been "awhile"?
You'd better not have been in the neighbors' pool again!
So you thought you had heard that they have stopped making those handbags.Well you are dead wrong!
Did you happen to notice a dog on the way in?
The neighbors called the cops. Did you eat their dog this morning?
Where's the newspaper? Another tear?
I know I said "See you later,..." but do you have any idea what time it is?
You've been awhile crocodile.
Mrs Epstein called. Have you seen her cat?
Now, I don't want any crocodile tears from you!
Ted, have you been out campaigning again?
What do you mean you had the pet sitter for lunch?
You sound like Fluffy, but you don't look like Fluffy.
I knew I should have splurged for the magnetic option.
Listen, as long as you're living under my roof, there are rules!
Play dead.
What dog?-you know "what dog".
So - out eating poodles again, are we?
You know that door's for the cat and . . . wait, I'm going to need a new cat, aren't I.
In awhile? Awhiiiiiile!?!?
No! We are not practicing wrestling until after you shower.
Nocturnal!? What a crock! You're grounded!
I'm not going to tell you again, wipe your feet or you lose the door.
Allie, I told you our date night was on Thursday!
"Getting a little carried away?!".
For an alligator you talk a lot of croc.
Who ate my good boy? Yes? Yes? Did you eat my good boy?
I told you that door is for alligators, not crocodiles.
your mother ever tell you to knock, Croc??
Better watch those carbs if you want to keep this welcome mat.
Now are you an alligator or a crocodile?
Marcia just called about her cat. Open wide.
Back for seconds?
Mary, now I know what happened to our dog.
Well, look who forgot the newspaper again.
Mrs. O'Leary called--she says she saw you after her hippopotamuses again.
Next time...knock.
I wish you would stop saying "Enter the Dragon" every time you come through that door
Yo, nigga, you a real BITCH!
Look what the cat got dragged inside in!
Dammit ! I told you to wear your 'Crocs' in the house
Cattin' around?
You're in the doghouse, if you were in the doghouse.
No! Eating Fifi did not make you a Crocadoodle.
Where were you?
This is the last time I wait up all night for you and you look terrible.
Dear, it's no longer figurative, we are up to our ass in alligators!
I didn't mean it literally!
I'll tell FiFi that you want to play with her when she gets back
Hey Maude, the good news is that we don't need anymore cat food.
I see that you ate after midnight again
I do not have an open door policy.
Not another step. Wash those sewer feet.
As a certified therapy animal you can enter only public buildings.
Farmer Smith is missing another one of his sheep and don't tell me again that the dog ate it.
Mind if I call you Birkin?
Why are you in my house joe
Well, was it worth it?
What are you smiling about?
Did you wipe off your feet?
Out with it!
Forgot your crocs again?
My bark will ALWAYS be worse than your bite.
Come home late again and you're shoes!
Don't give me that puppy dog face.
First Labradoodles, now Crocodoodles. What will they think of next?
You've been gone for three whole days! Is that what you mean when you say "in a while?"
O.K! Your sweet charms won’t help this time!
I told you no eating out!
Whatever you do, Dundee, don't let go of that tail!
I'm beginning to regret moving next door to Dr. Dolittle.
And you’ll keep going out until you use the damn litter box.
I said "see ya later!" It's now 4 am!
Well, look what the cat dragged in ... and just where exactly IS the cat?
I realize that, 'To the victor go the spoils,' but I'm drawing the line at sleeping on the bed.
The neighbor called asking if Fluffy the cat was in you.
Later? ... You just left two minutes ago.
Gary? What have you done with Fluffy?
Olga! I thought I told you to leave your pets at your house!" "...I haven't gotten there yet...
Mrs. Stevens called.
Bad alligator. Bad, bad alligator!
See, I told you that I would see you later!
You keep eating all the neighborhood kids and you won't fit through that door anymore.
You know this pet door thing is a crock!
Have you ever heard of knocking?
You think you're so smart. So now you can just drag ass out of here.
Every time you play on the golf course I wordy about who you may bring through that door.
One more victim and you'll be too fat to come back in!
Did you stop for milk like I asked?
From the look on your face I'd say that's one less cat in the neighborhood.
I know it's a dog eat dog world out there!
I don't know why you insist on crawling backwards out the pet door.
If you must know - BINGO was his name
Wipe off those tears and cough up the cat.
I just can't see a thing without my glasses, fluffy!
Now, isn't that better?
I told you to be home before the streetlights come on.
It's almost twelve o'crock. Where have you been?
Sneaking in again? I heard you ticking from up the street.
Well, don't you look like the croc who ate the cat who ate the canary.
What do you mean you're insecure about your tail?
You are a terrible excuse for a dog.
Hey I'll pay you $100 if you fuck me. I've always wanted to know how alligator cock feels against my rectal walls
Honey, I think the new security system has serious problems.
Did you happen to see Mrs. Cook's toy poodle by the pond?
Why can't you just use the door like a normal person?
Honey, have you seen Fido lately?
"the cat that ate the canary" look, doesn't bode well for my Fido
When I said 'Later Alligator,' young lady, I certainly did not mean THIS late!
I don't believe those tears of yours. You've done something naughty.
Go on, get out! I said I'd see you later!
That was our last wrestle. Now it's time for bed.
Young man, go to your room!
No I don't are to do the Crocodile Rock with you.
Why are you late? Don't give me those crocodile tears.
I thought you were on a diet?
Al, you look like the cat that ate the canary---and just incidentally, have you seen the dog today?
I don't want to hear about climate change anymore!
The Alli-Gate-Door™
If I've told you once I've told you a thousand times, either stay in or out.
What did you do with the newspaper?
Time for a snack?
You told me you'd be back "in a while"
Did you eat Fido?
Sorry I'm late--the gym was packed!
OK, where's the cat? You always come in through the toilet.
Great, now crocodiles are using my alligator door.
Unacceptable!
Did you not get the hint when I flushed you? And where's the dog?
You'd better not be tracking in dirt, mister!
Sam, I think you ordered your gaiters from the wrong Amazon!
'See you later, alligator' is just a fun thing to say.
Not what I had in mind when I saw the ad for a hypo-allergenic poodle.
Is it later already, or did you say you see me "in awhile"?
Well, Sparky, chasing and eating cars again?
No, no, no! I said you can come in and MEET my dog.
Helen! I think we should have retired in Arizona!
You spit out little Fifi right now!
What's up with the TIC - TOC noise ?
I'd better not see another missing poodle sign.
If you expect me to keep your dinner alive...you'll have to stop hanging around the zoo, all night.
Nice try. It's not even close to 'later'.
Cough up the Dachshund.
Marge, I think you ordered from the wrong Amazon!
I am not deceived by your crocodile smile.
When I said, "afterwhile", I thought you'd at least call if you were going to be late!
Marge, this Amazon habit of yours has really gotten out of control!
Fido, I warned you to stop barking at that witch next door.
I'll thank you to wipe your feet before you come in.
Hey, where's my paper? On second thought, where's my dog?
"Uh, uh, design flaw. We have to add a zig zag".
As I've told you before, that door is only for alligators, not crocodiles!
You've been down to that smelly swamp again, haven't you?
Mrs. Whitemarsh in 101B wants to know where her cat is.
Why can't you be more evolved?
Have you been out eating golfers again?
What am I supposed to tell the cat?
Wrong apartment! You're girl friend is next door.
Where did you get the idea that your curfew was "after a while"?!
Didn't you ever learn to knock?
I heard you ate Mrs. Simpson's dog and then also ate her neighbor's cat!
If you don't stop eating the neighbors' cats, no one will believe you are an oversized dachshund.
Let me guess, you finished another chew toy.
Fluffy, where have you been?
Oh Honey, that alligator bag you ordered from China just arrived.
Do you mean to tell me that you were being featured on that old tv program "Wild Kingdom".
Have you been out eating the neighbors again?
Let me guess, you've been hopping and bopping with that tart Suzie again, haven't you!?
I said: "See ya in A WHILE"!
Don't you after while crocodile me mister! It's 3am in the morning!
You call this later?
'Get a condo in Florida,' she says. 'They're so pet-friendly there,' she says'.
Have you seen the new cat or the new dog?
Where do you think you're going, Mr. Muddy Boots?
When I said "Later Gator", I meant it.
Seriously? Crocodile tears? You're an alligator !
Have you been on another pub crawl?
No, we’ve used coyotes too much lately. It’s alien abduction this time, mister.
So you heard the doggy door was a gator gate. What a crock!
No more excuses. Tomorrow it's the dentist.
Back so soon, Macaroon?
there are mailman parts in your litterbox, AGAIN !!
When I said "Seeya later" Mr. Galavanting Gator, I didn't mean 2:00 AM!
Could be my eyesight, but you gotta be the ugliest dog I've ever seen.
It's time for your bubble bath.
I don't care if you're 200 million years old. You've still got a curfew!
So much for later 'gator
You should be pleased. Several presidential candidates share your skepticism about evolution.
The police just called asking about the neighbor's koi pond. Any thoughts?
Not so cold-blooded and unsentimental as you thought.
It better not be the neighbor's dog again.
But when you left you were Democrat
Back so soon? Couldn't take the El Nino, eh?
I know your relatives were treated poorly in Jurassic Park, but that was no reason to eat my daughter.
Another neighbor has complained about her missing cat!
I told you Jurassic Park has an unhappy ending.
If you keep eating the neighborhood cats, you won't fit through that door.
When I said in a while crocodile......
You better wipe your feet or it's off to the shoe factory for you!
Rover, let me guess! The Witch Doctor Club again?
Hey pal, we're a stand-your-ground state in Florida.
It's terrific that Ancestor.com let you trace your relatives back to the Jurassic Period - mammals still trump you on the evolutionary period!
Gladys, did you do your business while you were out?
Gatorland this ain't, fella!
No, you cannot eat my dog and be my new pet.
Still no sign of the dog?
And whose fault is it you can barely get through the door now?
Damnit Spot, where are your spots?
Why did you let Michigan do that to you?
Didn't I just tell you. It's not yet time for the Florida primaries.
It's boots and a handbag if the wife sees you.
I didn't call you in.
Have you seen Miss Kitty?
Never mind that bow-wow stuff. Where's Fido?
You have eaten already, I hope!
You’re not my boots and I’m not your dinner. Deal?
You say you're from Amazon?
This new doggy dog is a croc!
Ok, Max, the neighbors just called! Where's Princess?
I knew I shouldn't have bought that alligator belt, now another one making a condolence visit.
How many times have I told you to sweep your tears outside?
You look a lot different from your profile picture.
I thought I made myself clear when I said in a while, crocodile.
Who do you think you are, the Cheshire Croc?
Where have you been? I've looked in every sewer pipe n the city!
Next time just phone and I'll come and get you. You don't have to eat your way out of the animal shelter.
Go right back out and wipe those claws off, Mister!
I saw another missing dog poster. Know anything about that?
So where have you been? And don't lie to me this time!
Did you wash your paws?
I'm never getting another alligator.
Back so soon?
I thought I told you I'd see you later, alligator.
The latest in climate change.
Remember the deal?... Mum's the word!
I knew I should have lowered the offer when she described this place as "bayou friendly."
Not today!! I will take you to the office on the day of appraisal discussion :)
Next time, use the alley gate, or else!
You knew exactly what I meant by "see you later"!
Halloween is over, pussy cat.
This is a reptile dysfunction.
I said "after while, crocodile", I did not say "after a while, crocodile".
Don't tell me. You're not hungry.
Getting too big for the kitty door Mister
Guess why the neighbor called this time!
You tell Channel 6 News to find someone else!
You’ll go farther coming up through the system.
Gracious, Rex, you look like you've been run over by a bulldozer!
I was wondering if this was a gate or door.
For the last time my shoes are not your mother!
Have you brought Sean Penn?
It's just an expression. I didn't actually mean I'd see you later.
Well look who's finally back...That was quite "a while" crocodile!
Stay out late once more and you're luggage.
I don't care that you brought the dog with you.
Where's the dog, Paden?
How many times do I have to tell you to come in through the back door!
I paid plenty for those loafers....so just get over it...and you didn't like you brother in law anyway.
- You scared the postman again, didn't you? -
Where are my french fries?
I get it...you're going to tell me you haven' seen Fluffy?
OK Roscoe, where's the newspaper?
Have you been drinking the swamp water again?
You agreed to be back by 10
Any ideas where the neighbors cat might be?
Don't forget to close the door.
Roll over and play dead.
You're late! ...did you want sushi or vegan for lunch?
So that's where my crocs went.
Get back in the moat.
I slaved over a hot stove and you ate out?
Let me guess. We no longer have a terrier?
Gatting around in the subways all night again Ally??
Coming home at this hour is as cold-blooded as it gets.
I warned you about that freshman 15
Please tell me you wore a condom David.
'See you later' does not mean after curfew.
Chewy, Chewy, Chewy, now the neighbor's Pomeranian is missing.
Do you even know what time is?
Nice Art...how much did it lacoste?
I said fetch my alligator shoes not my alligator shoot.
Have you been meeting with Sean Penn again?
You were supposed to call if you were going to be, you know, late.
There better not be a tattoo on that tail young lady.
I meant much later, not after a while!
Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you to wipe your feet?
Come on now, it's not that hard, say MEOW!
Phyllis! What's the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
Phew! Visiting your old pals from the sewer again?
Emma, did you eat the newspaper again?
"In a while" does NOT mean this late. What do you think you are?
I know calling you an alligator wasn't accurate when you're clearly a crocodile. Now, come on in and let bygones be bygones.
Buddy! What happened?
Why did I ever move to Florida in the first place?
Just don't annoy Kitty.
Dinner's been ready for an hour, but I suppose you ate out again.
So this is what they mean by 'invasive species'.
What's the matter? All the sewers are closed?
This 'half doodle' business sounds like a crock to me.
I knew I'd see you later!
Not until you cough up Fluffy....
Carousing, staying out all night, not calling…your disregard for me can only be described as cold-blooded.
If you put on any more weight, you'll have to learn how to unlock the door.
Well, try moonwalking.
Mittens, you better be in there.
Where ya been Bob? The crocodile bar closed an hour ago!
Wipe that poodle-eating grin off your ugly mug- Right Now!
Uh..will drowning you on my bathtap help or hurt you?
So you think just because you ate the dog....
Are you the investi-gator...
Your eyes tell me you know something about Muffy.
You left your keys in your other handbag? What other handbag?
Remember, keep your electric blanket no higher than medium!
Late again. And wipe that grin! The Stevens called about their Shih Tzu.
heavy night on the town?
Fluffy's mom called. Is there something you want to tell me?
I told you that your fur would turn to leather if you kept spending too much time in the sun
Did you get the powerball tickets?
Izod- where is Fluffy?
Welcome to the leather factory!
Spot, I haven't seen you since I dropped you off in a NYC sewer.
And no overnight guests. Got it?
Look me in the eye Norman and tell me you don't know anything about the Henderson's cat.
Are you the investi-gator my wife sent?
Hold it right there, Buster! What do you know about the neighbor's dog that's missing?
You were supposed to be home by ten!
Go back to your damn fireswamp!
Is that dog breath I smell?
Hungry again?
meanwhile back in bayou sorrel, clovis was having no problem filling his tags.
So, I suppose you think you can just come back and have your cage back again.
Please tell me you didn't leave another load of croc on the neighbor's lawn.
Look what the cat dragged in, Miss Alilator.
Down making an urban myth of yourself again?
Why are you grinning like the cat that ate the canary?
I keep telling you not to use the doggie door.
Bad croc. Spit Fluffy out right now.
Neighbor called--OK, where's Fluffy?
Hey, is that an alligate door?
That is not what is meant by 'Gatorade'
Did you drop your tail again?
Remember the deal – no friends!
Uh-oh. Honey, have you seen Fifi?
I said bring me my crocs!
Ali, have you seen whiskers?
You would think that someone with a clock in their stomach would be on time.
Fess up -- where's Tabby?
There'd better be a Shiatsu at the other end!
Did you happen to see Fido?
Can never remember: crocodile or alligator?
When I said later gator, I didn't mean this late!
Clever girl.
Whiskers, I need to tell you something.
Betty, when was the last time you saw Fido?
I suppose you were out in the swamp again. And where is the cat?
Ceci n'est pas un chat.
And none of those crocodile tears. You're grounded.
Can't you read? It says doggie door!
You better not track blood in on my rug.
You went out with Miss Kitty 6 days ago...wait, where is Miss Kitty?
Since you are what you eat, you are our new dog.
We both know that's a crock.
Any movement?
Got any more of those wiener dogs in here, bro?
You lost your Crocs again?
Where have you been? And don't give me a croc!
More Gatorade already?
Stay in the moat!
You know we'd never let anyone turn you into a Birkin.
You're one more 'I didn't mean to eat her' away from a shirt logo young man.
And I bet you lost the skateboard, didn't you?
So I guess it is safe to say we can throw out the litter box.
Since when does "in a while, crocodile" mean "I'll be gone until Tuesday?"
Did Tiger give you the keys?
You look guilty. Let me smell your breath.
You bad boy! What did you do with the poodle?
Donald, you know I don't like you going out there without your gun, it is simply not safe!
When I ordered a shipment of Gator-ade, I didn't mean this!
"See you later, alligator" does NOT mean past curfew!
Cough up the cat, Sydney! OR Cough Twinkles up right now, Sydney. I can hear her meowing. Cough her up!
Again—just because he delivers boxes from 'Amazon' doesn't mean they're for you.
You call that 'later,' sir?
What have you done with Tibbles?
I'm not mad. I'm disappointed.
Wow, yet another delivery mechanism for Amazon Prime?
Do I have to get another cat? Well do I?
How many times have I told you that door is for the hippo?
Hey, that door is for crocodiles!
I'm sorry, we're not currently accepting any Reptiles.
Honestly, Lewis, you smell like cat!
OK, but we no longer do the under the bed thing.
the condo association called again.... What did I tell you about getting into the goldfish pond ?
Cat Flap is Politically Correct. We're not changing it just for you!
Doris, we may have to reconsider the doggie door here in Florida.
The Jones's called, did you have lunch with Pokey today?
That's it. you are grounded for a month!
Okay, Margaret, first--I apologize for always laughing at your belief in reincarnation.
Tic Tok indeed. I was expecting moby dick
Cat flap, not gator gate!
How can I return you for just the shirt.
You got Fido and Fluffy already. Nobody's left !
Don't suppose you've seen Spot anywhere.
well look at what's the cat's dragged in
Miss Kitty II ran away? Thats a crock.
I can't afford the dentist anymore.
What was wrong with the pond?
Crawl all you want---it won't help.
Have you seen the mailman?
Mrs. Granger called about her kitten.
I still want to know what happened to Fido.
I meant, see you much, much later.
Leonardo, you mess with a bull, you get the horns. You get me?
I'm not okay with this.
You really need to stop dropping in like this.
3 a.m. Cat on your breath. You're nothing but a reptile!
Do I smell canine on your breath?
Dinner was at 5, but I can see you already ate.
Have you seen Buster?
If you're looking for dinner, she just left.
Okay, where's Waldo?
You know darn well that 'tomcatting' means something other than devouring felines.
I said to stay inside until they catch whatever ate the neighbors' cats.
Wander off again and I'll put that 3,000 volt shock collar back on.
A bit cliché for Florida, no?
Stop grazing at KFC. I am not enlarging that door yet again.
I know I said see you later, but this is ridiculous.
Are you about to let the cat out of the bag?
When I said 'See you later,' I didn't mean three days later.
Don't give me baby alligator eyes, the neighbors already called about their chickens.
So have you seen my Beagle?
Not the dog door, Igor. I specifically asked you to use the toilet!
"Later" did
You burp muffie up right now!
Those aren't the new shoes I ordered
How many times do I have to tell you not to go out by yourself!
I think we're going to need a larger crock pot.
You're too late - the house was exterminated yesterday.
You couldn't let me know that you were going to meet your friends in the sewers?
Mrs. Wilson called to say you were in her koi pond again. Go to your terrarium, and I'll be up to talk.
Are you looking for a shirt?
I don't care if the meeting ran late. You should've at least texted me.
You really have to stop dropping in like this.
How many times have I told you to use the toilet.
What part of "gator done" do you not understand?
Now you know that door's for alley cats, not for alley gators!
So that's how long "in a while crocodile" is.
'In a while' does not imply after midnight, Billy.
You wanna wrestle?
Stop playing games Ally, what do you do with Miss Kitty?
Dinner was ready by the pond but since you were late it ran away.
Don't act innocent -- I can smell her perfume!
Looks like Fido needs a Snickers
Who are you? And where's Fluffy?
I hope your not expecting another meal!
Well look who dragged himself in.
That's why you're late? What a croc!
For the last time, no. I have not accepted Sobek as my Lord and Savior.
When'll you learn to knock first?
Hi Curiosity, have you seen our cat?
You've been on Amazon again, haven't you?
You will be too big for that door, if you keep on having late night snacks out there.
I know that crooked smile. Who have you eaten?
What part of "See you later, alligator, in a while, crocodile" did you not understand?
I take it the cat wanted back in.
You are suppose to bring me the paper, not to eat the paper boy
You better be careful out there. I've heard that some pets in the neighborhood have gone missing recently.
No, 'out' and 'nothing' won't do.
You've gained weight. You barely made it through. And where's the cat?
Yo! Not the dog door. The moat.
Maybe I shouldn't have gotten a crocodoodle.
It's almost midnight and I no longer feel like cuddling.
So much for see you later alligator.
You spend all day lying around and now you're telling me you're swamped?
It’s winter. You’re cold-blooded. Please wear the sweater I knitted you.
Too late, Alligator.
If you miss curfew again, you'll be grounded.
I didn't actually mean "see you later."
You can't use the door if you keep eating the dogs!
Bad Jezebel! Do I smell tabby on your breath?
Hurry up, you're letting in a draft.
You must be from Amazon. Where's my package?
The Post Office just called. No more mooning the mailman.
Rover, did you get yourself eaten by an alligator again?
What do you mean you want me to push?
Ahem ... where's the dog.
The gate did not keep the alli-gate-or out.
That's it. Your diet starts tomorrow.
I hope you haven't spoiled your dinner.
Not now! I said after awhile.
If you didn't eat your friends you'd have someone to play with.
If you're looking for your wife. Check the Birkin in the walk-in closet, second shelf.
Meanwhile in Florida: "I told you Todd, I'm not lending you any more money!"
The pool is not a bathroom.
I told you it's not a jungle out there.
Where were you when I was trying to jump across that river?
Okay, come in but keep a low profile.
How many time do I have to tell you not to eat the neighbors?
How many times do I have to flush you down the toilet before you take a hint?
I don't mean to scare you, Crockie, but when you go outside without your muzzle, you risk getting a shotgun blast to the back of your head.
Spit him our. RIGNT NOW
I guess I did say SEE YOU LATER.
Gwyneth, your new Birkin is here.
You need money? What happened to "see you later alligator" and "after awhile crocodile"
If you want our little charade to continue, you're going to have to work on your bark.
You have a guilty look on your face, Kitty.
I'm warning you...outgrow that door and you'll be shoes!
Ok, you can come in, but if I catch you on the couch it's shoes and bags for the gals!
I tried to tell you Janie's pink Crocs weren't your birth parents, but now you have seen that for yourself.
Well, you made the evening news again.
I told her an alligator could fit through!
What don't you get about see you later alligator, eh?
What did you do with your shoes?
Well, if it isn't the walking pet cemetary.
I still can't decide if you're a crocodoodle or a labradile.
And I suppose you wouldn’t know anything about the emptying of the Hendersons’ koi pond, would you?
Have you been scaring the children again?
Rex, did you bury my glasses again?!
Why did Buster next door stop barking?
Was my meaning unclear when I flushed you?
'In a while, crocodile???' It's been over 10 hours!
I knew global warming was coming, but is it already so bad?
And where were you all night?
Wipe that kit eating grin off your face!
When I said later I didn't mean this much later.
Mrs. Peterson can’t find her poodle. You don’t know anything about that, do you?
Why don't you ever ask for food?
And what do you mean by "after 'while crocodile"?
Don't you give ME that resting bitch face!
Now, what did you do with Spot?!
Let me guess, we need another new cat.
Is that chlorine I smell?
Nice! You took Tabby out to dinner. So where is she now?
Yuck! You smell like you've been living in a sewer.
Well if it isn't Lyle, Lyle, blew his curfew, too drunk to dial.
Honey, an alligator ate the kids
You made it back just in time to fetch my slippers.
Do I smell swamp water on your breath?
Mrs. Walker just called to say Fluffy's GPS shows her walking up to our front door.
For the last time: nobody wants to grow up here, but this is not Neverland. It's Western Society
Fido, I should stop feeding you with GMOs
It will be the crock pot for you if you've eaten the cat.
Tell me you don't know anything about the missing poodles.
I'm going to build a big beautiful wall and you are going to pay for it!
Just how secure are gator communities?
Sometimes I think I’m the only one who wants this to work.
You better not regurgitate another golfer onto this carpet.
So this is 'later'?
I suppose buster was taken in by your friendly grin,
Well, I'm not making it any bigger. The Bradys in 405 have a velociraptor.
I know you're a millennial, but you have to leave home sometime.
No Lisle! I told you Mr. Dundee was coming TO dinner...
I'm sick of all you candidates. I'm voting for the one with orange hair.
Allie! Where's Goldie?
Did you do all your business?
Let's shake. Sit and give me your claw.
Did you forget your subway tokens again?
Look, any more undisciplined foraging and you're not getting in.
You've made a fool of me for the last time, Lyle.
Dang it, Roxie! You buried my glasses again, didn't you?
Have you seen the Johnson's poodle?
Fido, your Halloween costume is terrifying ...
Your name isn't Mopsy!
You were hanging around all those muckety-mucks, weren't you?
Don't tell me Mopsy started it.
You've gotten into the marigolds again, haven't you?
Whew! Bath time swamp thing.
Please pass the dog on your way out.
Can't you use the toilet like the rest of your kind?
The dog??gone Gator Aid works!
Wow a reptile door- only in Florida!
And this is why we don't have nice things.
Naughty boy! I thought I told you no neighbor snacking between meals!
We've gotta move back to Cleveland.
Rex, I just don't know you anymore.
Fluffy....!, Uber again?...
Haven't I always asked you to knock before you come in?
I thought we agreed to share everything.
You're going to end up as a purse if you keep this up.
Frankly, after the Fluffy, Spot, and Rover incidents, you've worn out your welcome.
Hey, you’re not my gator, you’re a croc.
Knock, knock.
If you're here to escape the political ads in your swamp, my home is not a sanctuary!
Spit out Mr Fluffington III this moment! I'm not going to ask twice.
I told you not to go out without wearing your Crocs
Did those rude fashionistas at the office steal your shoes again?
You realize, according to the new federal dietary guidelines, you need to reduce your daily intake of raw chicken, dog, and cat.
What have you gotten yourself into this time, Fluffy?
I can't be any more specific.
Well, look who came crawling back, just as I expected.
"You escaped from a shoe factory? What a crock!"`
Track that swamp in here one more time and I’ll belt you.
Make up your mind. Are you scaling up or down this time?
Sooo...where's Fluffy?
You are grounded till you cough up Ms. Smith's Fluffy!
I hope you've already eaten!
Wandering off for a week doesn't garner a "see ya later!"
Don’t you lie to me, missy. I can smell the Gatorade on your breath.
Don't tell me you ate Fluffy again!
The phone is on voicemail, now get to bed.
"Where's the python...?
Did you eat the neighbor's kitten?
I've told you, Gary: My retirement condo is not a shortcut to your retirement swamp.
Don't give me that look. You didn't like him either.
No shortcuts to the pool!
What did I tell you about eating our neighbors?
Honey, I'm afraid the weatherman was right about El Nino.
How many times do I have to tell you? Please wipe the mud off your feet before you come in!
Look, I already told you, my shirt is fine without you.
Looks like "the cat got your tongue" 'cause "the tongue got yourself a cat" look.