Maybe it's time you think outside the box.
Mr. Unabomber, your legal fees are paid by ISIS.
Not to worry. Your face doesn't show up on any of the security cameras.
How vague my broker suggest the plaything of my thoughts to invest. . . ?
He needs to stink outside the box.
Excuse me sir, we reserved this sandbox for this time.
He's starting to look like a cigarette.
Dad takes the fun out of everything.
Well, "Gilligan," I hope they finally rescue you by recess tomorrow.
He's lost without the metal detector.
His therapist has him doing this exercise every morning at this time; he'll be done in a few minutes.
And I thought we were getting too old to play in the sandbox.
He left a dead mouse on the teeter-totter.
I'd suggest just buying a new contact lens.
Now we wait for the cement to harden.
Thinking outside the sandbox was never his strong suit.
I told you not to let strangers play in our sandbox!
Past life regression's convinced him he's a French legionnaire.
He thinks he's still on Fenadik.
"Where is your head, now?" John Curliano, Alameda, CA
Don't you think he is taking 'new realism' a bit too far?
He's the method actor on the ground floor.
No, I'm fine when he pretends to be lost in the desert. I just hate it when he pretends to be a cat....
Play dates were more fun before your dad hit rock bottom.
Bring Your Dad to School Day is not so easy after all?
My Dad says it's proof this is authentic sand from the Sahara Desert.
Honey, we've told you six times. Get out of the sandbox and get a job.
That's Brian Wilson's younger brother
"Aren't You a little to old to play in the sand"?
To sway this jury, you'll need to show a bit of levity.
That reminds me. I forgot to feed the cat.
We wants it. We needs it. Must have the preciousss!
Our AirBnB guests just love the "extreme conditions" package.
I seem to have lost my head since the meltdown.
Since when did Al Gore become so dramatic?
He's not stay-at-home dad material.
Performance artists are everywhere.
Dad is convinced this is where he lost his new iPhone a week ago. Dad's convinced he lost his new iPhone here a week ago.
Sand traps can be confusing for the non-golfer.
He said last week that he found his ring. But I think he found his calling.
Isn't this the same guy who got shipwrecked in our wading pool?
He said he lost his shell company
Maybe it's just a mirage.
We'll move on to the backstroke if and when it rains.
He never really got over losing Wilson
I told you not to tell dad we're in the sandpit. This is the third time he's lost his credit cards.
To heck with sandbox rules--I say we kick him out for his own good!
He said it was the last item on his Bucket List.
Ever since we moved into The Mirage Apartments this keeps happening
When is the Mayor going to rid our parks and playgrounds of Method Actors?
He's been feeling deserted.
Mr. Sandman, your hardwood floor specialist at it again
Mittens kicked him out of her cat box.
There's not a soul in this place willing to testify on your behalf.
He said it was a city litter box.
I think it's Mr. Katz from the 8th floor.
He comes here every Tuesday to find himself.
I see your Dad's got his audition for 'Ice Cold in Alex'.
He asked the wrong question at a staff meeting
Flat or sparkling?
Dad works in R&D, but he doesn't understand the jargon
He's trying out for a reality show.
He insisted on booking last minute for his spring break.
I'd like to help him, but we're just mirages.
Does your dad ever do this?
2035 A. D.: "This sandbox comprises the remains of Trump Tower. He has claimed that Iraq will pay to rebuild the tower, but we remember how that went with the wall."
We can play as soon as he finds his dime.
'It's time he was thinking out of the box'!
He said his life is like a cartoon, and he's not getting out till he's captioned.
If we give him water, he'll never learn how to get it for himself.
He said he's writing a novel called Lost.
Water......Bottled water...
I think he lost his Nanny. He just keeps repeating, "Evian, Evian."
If he thinks he's a cat, we will have to play somewhere else.
He's going for the Guinness World Record for the longest Pub Crawl.
Nine Year Old Invents Sandpit Threadmill -"for that 40-day workout!"
He lost something called a floppy disk in the nineties.
He keeps mumbling "It keeps me searching for a heart of Gold, and I'm getting old " !
Our sandbox is now an endless desert survival spa.
I don't care if it's performance art or if he's really lost -- I just wanna shovel some sand.
You might be sentenced to life...
One of the Captain Midnight decoder rings he lost in the 50s sold on eBay for 20 thousand bucks.
He gave me the first month's rent and a security deposit.
Worst case? You get life.
i hope he doesn't have diarrhea this time
Oh,I got it,Bogie in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.
He said something about exercising his coping mechanism.
I guess this is what happens if you don't play well in the proverbial sandbox.
He must have run out of modeling clay.
Who's Wilson?
He's repeating an early elementary education class to be certified to mentor adults.
His vision is for water reclamation technology but I think his horizons are limited.
My dad's been rehearsing all night for 'Cats'.
Last week he wore a headdress and did a rain dance.
Introducing feline genetics may have unintended side effects.
Wait until see his impression of the Great Pyramid of Giza
We're going to need a bigger scooper
I told him days ago it's our turn.
My Dad watched "Cast Away" on Netflix last night. Do you have a volleyball?
Welcome to the world of the one percent.
I told him to take a hike...
Spare the rod and spoil the inner child.
Well, I guess that's what happens when there is a sandbox on the roof of the Actors Studio.
He's going on his 10th day. He thinks all of this is just a mirage.
You can take a boy out of the beach, but you can’t take the beach out of a boy!
'Mom says he has to keep using the sandbox because of something he did with the company's ink.'
What we need is a buzzard.
He showed up yesterday asking about water.
He was a lot more fun before he stopped drinking.
It's always so creepy when that lost childhood thing happens.
He collects sea shells.
But we don't LIKE playing Tom Hanks in "Castaway".
Kind of regretting taking Dad to a buffet, yesterday.
I told you we should have gotten the kind that clumps and deodorizes.....
Where's the horse with no name ?
Shouldn't we tell Mommy?
Worst case? 50 to Life.
It's not a cliche; he says he's doing it ironically.
Things just haven't been the same for Aladdin recently.
C'mon Dad its not funny anymore!
I really misunderstood you when you told me your Dad was an 'outdoorsman'.
How long do you think he's going to keep him under there?
He says his performance is symbolic of 21st century oppression of the modern cat. He got a grant for it, but I am still skeptical.
My uncle comes up here whenever he gets homesick for Tucson.
"Actually, I am the boss of you".
I hate it when Uncle Len forgets his apartment key.
I like the old intern better.
When I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.
Mister, are you lost? You look like you belong in a desert cartoon.
Back with more thinking inside a box after this...
My mom says he has an overactive imagination.
This so doesn't make up for running over our cat.
My dad says that after all his effort, he's still got to worry about vultures.
Reality TV has now officially sunk to a new low.
20 to 1, he doesn't make it out of the box.
What's a mirage?
I don't think he wants to hear a knock-knock joke.
Mr. Clark, I don't think recess is long enough to see your one man production of Lawrence of Arabia.
If we just wait it out, the Angel of Death will take him.
One of us is a mirage.
I know that crawling out of the desert was a defining moment in his life, but it's our turn!
Odd... the Method actors rarely venture past the swing set.
I hope he doesn't think he's a cat or were gonna have a mess on our hands.
I told you that the Baby-boomers just won't leave the sandbox.
I guess we could make him an oasis.
Go, please go....save yourself!
There's an oasis in the lobby called Starbucks.
He told me that he's rehearsing for one of those New Yorker 'guy lost in the desert' cartoons.
You better mix some bedbug repellent with that paint.
Disqualified for the penthouse open on the 9th hole
He told me a week ago he dropped his keys.
Mom did say to watch out for any creepy crawlers.
I think it's time we think outside the box.
He said something about a wrong turn in Albuquerque.
My Mom's trying to make him feel guilty for not changing the kitty litter.
I like our dream better.
If I'd known thirty years ago that eleven whiskey sours would've given me autonomy, I would've been golden."
It is incomplete without an oasis
Last time he stayed lost until I built him an oasis.
We've found that morale goes down, but they take fewer bathroom breaks. So it's mostly a wash.
He's not leaving until he finds his cat.
My Dad studied with Lee Strasberg.
We should have called ahead for a reservation.
He said his name's Robinson something.
We'll put the lemonade stand here.
How long do you plan on looking for your contact lens?
First the cats. Now this!
Our theater teacher is going too "method" for our Beau Geste production.
You were right... our Kindergarten teacher IS a drama-king!
Even if he finds it, it won't be filtered.
I draw my cartoons from live models.
Just give him tap water.
Oh, great! First the cats and now this!
My dad watches him on TV. He's a stock picker.
By the time he finds the nickel he lost, it will only be worth a penny and a half.
What's sad is that he's been there since Kindergarten.
I tried, but he insists this is Tatooine.
He keeps saying "Wilson!"
Tom Hanks is his idol.
A shiny yellow front-end loader typically gets them to this point.
He must be another method actor.
It's OK. My drunk uncle thinks he's a cat.
Textbook post-traumatic sandbox disorder.
Manhattan Beachfront Propertyu
Sorry, I have this booked for the next 15 years.
He just moved in.
He raised me to believe that nature is neither cruel nor kind, but utterly indifferent to all suffering. Guess he's right.
Let's leave the shovel and pail... he can clean up his own mess.
I thought it was your turn to put the cover on the sandbox.
I don't know what he's looking for, but I don't wanna be here when he finds it!
As you can see, people are thinking up innovative ways to avoid the beach traffic.
The cat caught on a lot faster.
Those sweeping changes to the zoning code have failed to blunt gentrification.
He once worked in Silica Valley.
Is this the desert equivalent of the tiny house movement?
My dad's a method actor.
The Urban Litter Box? I'm not scooping this!!
The only way he'll acknowledge us is if we pretend to be rescuers and I'm not ready for that yet.
Looks like we'll be having a substitute in Mr. Walker's class again.
It's not an endless desert, Mister; it's a sand box.
Okay, now let's see how he does with a paper bag.
What are the chances he'll find his way out before recess is over.
No, if we give him some water, he'll only want to stay.
He keeps getting lost.
This is one heck of an oasis.
'Hot story' going nowhere fast!
Of course he doesn't play with others. He's a congressman.
What is this? Last week it was cats in our sandbox
Dad, vacation is over - get back to work.
He's unable to think outside the box.
Don't worry, he won't find the list without a bucket.
If you build it, they will come.
"Dad missed his interval training session at the gym today!
I think this settles our gentleman's bet about whether or not Dissociative Identity Disorder is real.
Finally! Art that I can relate to.
Brings back memories of my days in the Gobi.
It works like one of those stationary swim-spas, only without water.
It's a reverse oasis situation.
Ugh, Jack's in the box again.
Do we bring him a "bottle or a bowl" of water?
He keeps muttering 'Method acting' and a bunch of cuss words.
All we know is his name is Lawrence and he's not from around here!
When my mommy told him to go pound sand, he apparently didn't understand what she really meant.
If I feel like a Calvin Klein model, I look like a Calvin Klein model.
He can't decide which brand of bottled water to use.
Early puberty.
And here we have the iconic "beach bum" in his natural element.
He just found out he was the runt of the litter.
He's been trying to find himself for days.
Survivor! Sand Boxes of New Mexico!
It's a new rebirthing technique that uses sand instead of water.
Mr. Harper says it's a metaphor about the learning minds of 5th graders, but I just think it's creepy.
It's only a mirage.
Sure he's listening to his inner child, but his adult is so big!
His mother left him here in 1995.
There's got to be an easier way to achieve organic growth.
It's the neighborhood's first infinite sand box.
It's the gallary's newest live sculpture called "Desert Flowers". A sheik bought it.
We use only authentic artisanal sand.
He still doesn't believe in global warming.
He started out as a third grader but his parents have been in litigation since 1998.
So "let's get out of the gutter and into the sandbox" is something you're personally going to exemplify?
You'd never guess it, but Jones actually plays quite well with others in the sandbox.
So do we build the Promised Land before or after Moses crosses the desert?
Not "contract", "contact." He's upset because he lost a contact.
He was laid off weeks ago, but by law, they can't physically remove him.
He thinks everything outside that box is just a mirage.
He claims this is how Brando started.
He's always losing his jaw in our sandbox.
You should always carry water on a hike.
Dad still can't get over his Human Litter Box idea not getting picked for Shark Tank
Acting like at cat at his age isn't funny.
Kids, you will understand when you grow up.
He's searching for his lost childhood.
Ned's been searching for an urban oasis for quite a while.
So sad, this is where he discovers it's only a mirage
It's my Lawrence of Arabia virtual reality prototype.
I'd say licking himself is the worst part of his morning ritual.
Bummer, he beat us to the box!
What worm hole did he crawl out of?
He's reenacting wandering the desert to prepare for Passover
Apparently his golden parachute was filled with sand.
If you dig it, he will come.
Dad's researching his new book, 'Clueless in the Kalahari.'
He just saw a Trump victory mirage.
The sands of time can be so cruel.
Even after all these years, he's still looking everywhere for JonBenét.
The worst part of owning a human.
"They said its family therapy'
Unfortunately, he's headed straight for the concrete jungle.
I highly doubt this is the intended use for a litter box.
I think he's looking for his dignity.
Dude really digs sand man.
Yes, its my invention: the endless desert, with mirage special effects.
He won't leave. It's rent stabilized.
This could get ugly. He identifies as a cat.
It's tough to see an old actor like Hanks trying to recapture his Glory days.
This was my science project, but now I lease it to my friends to torment their fathers.
He's getting in the practice he needs to run for a high office.
When John's ancestry results told him he was part Siamese, I didn't think he would take it so literally.
This looks like a scene right out of a New Yorker cartoon.
Last year he got trapped on an escalator.
He used to be a doorman at the Mirage.
Most people deal with their mid-life crisis by getting a Corvette. Tucker decided to finally finish that hole to China.
Hank's got the advertising account for our new bottled water client.
Usually it's cats.
Early fascination with Lawrence of Arabia.
So much for public art.
Wait until he finds out that cat was no mirage.
Say's hes rehearsing for some reality show.
You ordered Room Service, Sir?
I always thought that Albert was an insurance agent who was a little crazy, but I was wrong; he's not an insurance agent!"
Method actors are the worst!
That's my dad. He's a moron.
No, he actually DID lose a cat's eye marble.
He says he can't find his contacts.
He's looking for an oil field.
It's our unique treadmill so he can train for his next 100 mile desert race.
My therapist says the grains of sand represent the ephemeral nature of acquisition, but Mom just calls him a loser.
My dad's still convinced this is all an elaborate mirage.
He can't get out of the sand in golf either.
My mother says to tell him we have the right to play unperturbed by gauche street theater about food deserts.
I hate actors.
Seriously? You have a life insurance policy?
I reminded him, beforehand, that no one can starve in a desert, because of the sand which is there.
should we toss him your juice-box or wait for the buzzards to stop circling?
Talk about suffering for one's art...
Is he acting his age?
Ah, looking for the grain of truth.
Your dads weird...
Still searching for your dignity?
We should open a lemonade stand.
Your approval ratings with the jury look iffy.
You kids here to change the litter?
"Think maybe he lost his marbles?'
He still hasn't recovered from the Clumping of '93.
He's the mastermind behind adult coloring books. This was supposed to be his next big thing...
We dig it, Dad. Sandbox play has its ramifications.
I can't wait until he goes back to college.
You have nothing to lose.
I hate cleaning the executive litter box.
You can take a bum off the beach...
What part of "You're grown up now" doesn't he understand?
I think he's looking for a needle.
New York beach bum
I'm not sure whether we need a watering can or an I.V.
My dad's a Republican delegate who just got done meeting with both the Trump and the Cruz campaigns and is searching for his sanity.
Humans of New York is nice... In theory
How are we going to get him to start thinking outside the box?
Fetch a pail of water.
Come on Tommy! Mrs. Carlson said we could have our turn like 15 years ago!
He's why I'm not allowed to wear contacts.
Let him try one more time before we go in for the rescue.
It's not so much that my Dad still thinks he's a cat, it's the cleanup that's killing me
I don't think he understood when McKinsey told him he was on the beach this week
It's a one-man Off-Off-Off-Off Broadway playground.
My dad drops acid on Tuesdays.
Mom says it's because he can't see the sandbox for the sand.
And we thought yesterday's cat was a problem.
We live in a concrete desert, Marvin.
I'm not sure Homer has learned to play well in the sandbox yet...
We've brought you some executive toys.
Let's give him another ten minutes. If he's not dead by then, we can find another sandbox.
He's a member of the Republican establishment.
Oh great! Daddy's training for Tough Mudder again.
He's having the illusion of fun.
His parents never should have named him 'Sandy.'
Who's the good kitty now?
I think that lemonade stand idea of yours has found its moment.
"I so wanted to be the enfant terrible .
Burt Lancaster?
Recess used to be fun until we had to share the sandbox with the Drama teacher...
We better go up the hill and fetch a pail of water.
Your father's re-enactment of "The Lost Patrol" is laudable but frankly feels a bit cramped.
He never learned to think outside the box.
Meow." "I knew the promotion would be too much for him.
Which ad agency did The Oasis Pub finally go with?
He's a minimalist.
This is just a practice one. We're gonna have the real political revolution later.
Let's dig a grave.
I told you these gender-neutral-human-litter-boxes would be a hit......
We could put sand in his pants.
I thought your dad was a Real Estate Broker?" "No Lenny, I said he was broke.
I told you Mr. Maldoceo's been acting weird since we got back from spring break.
hay mom and dad gave him a boot instead of shovel and a pal.
Well, will you look what the cat dragged in.
I guess marketing's already thinking about the Californian campaign.
So he's the presumptive Republican Presidential candidate.
Just get him water and he'll leave.
Enjoy the journey, because the destination is a mirage.
It doesn't look like we'll have to wait much longer.
It's post traumatic sandbox disorder. I had it in kindergarten.
It's only been two minutes
The Oasis Hotel is the next building over
Dad, try thinking outside the box.
He bet my uncle he could make it on Survivor.
Reliving your childhood is a young man's game.
Please tell me he didn't actually use that as a litter box.
Maybe he thinks it is human litter.
Just what this building needs, another method actor.
His camel ran off.
Start worrying if he meows.
He was the most recent head of marketing for Volkswagen's diesel engine division.
Another successful field test! Notice how our underarm anti-perspirant is working.
Should we tell him that's the pet store's litter box?
I know he wonders where his pail and shovel have gone. I'd think he'd be more concerned about his missing umbrella.
I don't recall babysitting the boss' idiot son being part of our job descriptions.
He needs to think outside the sandbox!
He does look a bit like Sideshow Bob.
His fitness watch broke, so he has no idea when to stop.
He's been at it for 3 hours now, and I don't have the heart to tell him that I already found his dignity.
He also scored low on "fighting his way out of a paper bag".
He's practicing for a desert island Reality TV show.
Just goes to show some programmers never make it to production
Hey buddy, you gonna let us play through or what?
Do you think he lost something?
Mom has suspended my dad's "adult privileges".
What am I trying to find? My dignity at this point.
You think that's bad - last week, Ethan's dad drowned in the water table.
I wish that homeless guy would find another sandbox to do his thing.
At one inch an hour he should make it by tomorrow.
The only thing worse than cats using your sandbox are performance artists.
He claims he's been digging for thirty years.
See! they never think outside the box
Catman really takes the fun out of having a rooftop sandbox.
His mirage...or ours?
I don't know, but he insists he has a really big handprint.
Sometimes you just gotta think outside the sandbox.
At what point do you think we should tell them it's not in there?
After reading the complete works of H. P. Lovecraft, his mouth fell off...AND he now thinks he's a cat.
He's been off the Camels for a week now.
Some of the city's anti-litter laws are going too far.
They say he never could think outside the box.
It's his safe space.
April fool, Dad! I don’t even wear contacts.
I really hate method actors.
At least he has his education.
Yes, but is it Art?
With hindsight, maybe this wasn't the best way to come up with a GOP strategy.
Another one of those Burning Sanders supporters.
Dad's really out of shape!
I didn't have the heart to tell him this is not Hollywood Blvd.
He's looking for his car keys, I guess.
He's reliving his childhood.
Mom says I should play outside more. I'm not sure I agree.
He says it helps him think.
He's a confused snowbird.
I told you it wasn't a good idea to bury Dad's Adult Channel pin number.
Well, this is as close to the beach as I'm ever going to get.
I say we vote him off the sandbox.
I don't think he's going to make it to the finals.
Hey buddy, take your perpetual adolescence elsewhere - we have a castle to build
Want to bury him when he give out?
Kids, take a fifty from my pocket and get me a Perrier!
i don't get proverbial performance art in a post communism period, but maybe I'm just pretentious.
He lost his virginity in that sandbox.
He's not exactly what I asked Mr. Sanman for.
Cats the musical, deleted scenes.
I know that is the name you prefer and have always gone by but I feel it prejudices the jury.
I call 'first dibs' on those snappy shoes.
I can't sand this anymore.
Maybe we should think outside the box.
We should give him a flare gun.
He said we're a mirage.
Mom says he always makes desserts out of sandboxes.
Mom! Sahara Joe's in our sandbox again!
The new math teacher recently relocated from Death Valley.
I call it 'Isolation in the City'
He'll never survive in the kiddie pool without a Big Gulp.
He's not exactly the dream I asked Mr. Sandman for.
method actor just cast in Pirates of the Caribbean IV
My Mom says it's something called French Foreign Legionnaires' Disease.
He's been like this ever since he saw Lawrence of Arabia in 70mm
He's been playing in the sandbox way too long.
He dates 20 somethings.
He can't hear you; we're a mirage.
He says he's Lawrence of Sutton Place.
Shouldn't be long, I'll start digging now.
He's a new teacher from the Strasberg Preschool.
"I think that is the owner of the corner store across the street. They say its lease is about to expire".
Loretta, after that training we just had I've been working on my diversity, but why can't he just play in his own stinkin' sandbox?
Sir, exactly how long have you been looking for your kitty?
He's vertically integrating. We need new solar panels on our house.
He says we can have it next after he finds his camel.
Think we should tell him that this is not Arizona?
They cancelled his flight to Palm Springs.
Funny, I don't feel like a mirage.
Hey mister, you’re in the wrong cartoon.
Lost your contacts in the sandbox again?
You too can get bikini body ready in just 3 weeks!
This is exactly why I stopped wearing contact lenses.
They don't call him the "desert lizard" for nothing.
It's like a treadmill. But with sand.
That is one strange looking cat!
He calls it "Trump: Hallucination or Performance?"
Meow.
It's a mirage, like Trump.
He lost a contact!
Maybe WE'RE just a mirage.
On the internet, nobody cares if you're a cat. But here? It matters ....
'Looks like there's a scheduling conflict."
He mumbled something about his inner child.
This really is a concrete jungle.
The children watch as Carl embraces his innermost felines...
His name is Lawrence
He was known as the 'Frac Sand King' before business dried up.
You'd think at some point he'd give up looking for his keys and just call Uber.
I'm not sure that these new public toilets are going to work out.
Help me! This must be super glue not putty. I am stuck.
Why does he keep saying ‘vodka’?
Pretty elaborate mirage, isn't it, Mr. Arnold?
His favorite films are ‘Cast Away’ and ‘The Sandlot.’
Say what you want but I think his art has taken on a new level of pertinence.
As long as we can keep the cats out of it, our "desert simulator" will continue to yield substantial new data on human behavior in extreme environments.
Should we tell him the oasis is behind him?
And directly in front of you, ma'am, is all that's left of the non-Trump Republicans.
I should tell him his 30 minute limit is up.
It used to be a concrete "jungle".
Tesla's desert treadmill may be carbon neutral but it is so, so lame bro.
Folks, it's been six days and this has turned from amusing performance art to something much more perverse.
My parents decided that I should learn about empathy for the downtrodden, so they hired a performance artist.
He's your typical method actor about to do a bottled water commercial.
The cat won't be happy about this.
It's hard to find your marbles when you've lost them in a sandbox.
Mom calls it his 'Middle East Crisis.'
Your dad's not just a helicopter parent; he's a Black Hawk down.
He's in practice they gave him the Sahara desert branch
The test server is overheating.
He found this rental through Airbnb
You hit him with the bucket and I'll bury him.
Should we tell him his pants are on backwards?
My life coach suggested I bury my burdens in the sand.
Why is that man meowing?
It's my Dad. We just moved into the condo. He's looking for the exercise room amenity
He mumbled something about homesteading.
Sue, look what the cat dragged in.
Dad--I told you to GET OUT OF MY SANDBOX!!!!!!!
The rest of the Bekram yoga class shows up at five.
Him again. I'll go get an Aquafina.
I thought he would have outgrown the sandbox stage by now.
Al Gore's new sculptures are anything but subtle.
This is our mid-level executive scape-goat program. He gets the water when he agrees to take the blame for the Johnson contract.
Well, actually, I've accepted it. But mother and the cat are livid.
I say we wait till he drops and bury him.
Don't watch; he thinks he's a cat.
You put your right hand in. You take your right hand out.
Let's see what happens with the volleyball now
Ignore him. It's a mirage.
He likes his martinis very dry.
It seems your dad has an over active imagination.
No use sharing your bucket with him. It's clear he's beyond the pail.
He's reliving that desert experience.
Beach bum levels are rising the quickest.
His nanny left him here when he wouldn't leave his wife.
- Wilson… Wil..son… ? - I think this is the reboot of « Cast away ». Let’s go play somewhere else.
he claims he is Very close to finding that 300 million dollar lottery Ticket.
I thought I ordered the "Nude Beach" model.
His wife left him after he clawed through their last sofa.
All we need is a title.
And for our final exhibit, we have Tom Hanks training for Cast Away II.
Looks like we're going to have to wait until the vultures are finished.
They've replaced the sandbox with a virtual desert.
Should we tell him that this isn't what we meant by the nearest New York City hot spot?
Raymond always seems to find the worst in everything.
He drinks.
The kids wait their turn as Andy looks for his lost shaker of salt.
See what happens when you ignore the big picture?
He's actually feelin' THE BERN!
This exhibit is called "California Drought, 2015"
He's training for the French Foreign Legend Olympics.
Sometimes executives won't go if they have a budget deficit.
Oh that's just my imaginary friend the English Patient
It's the latest military-style workout routine.
Has your dad been watching 'Lawrence of Arabia' again?
Got tuckered out building the thing.
This still doesn't prove global warming is real.
I think he misses when he went missing.
Trump got Sandy Berned by Hillary.
If he starts wilting, try showing him more mirages.
I think you uncle has gotten high on the beach one too many times.
Dad’s been on the wagon since noon.
This whole thing is a mirage.
Are we going to stop hovering, yet?
Schrodinger's cat-box.
He muttered something about slouching towards Brooklyn to be reborn.
I don't know who he is or where he came from but he looks mighty thirsty...
I know my dating profile says I love children, but your Freddy really deserves someone better than me.
Supposedly, he once was a brilliant advertising exec.
The times of sands are running out.
When Daddy said he had to go scratch in the litter box, I thought he was just going to the bathroom.
Talk about a drama queen.
Looks like dad had to sleep in the litter box again...we really need a dog.
Take Your Dad to Play Day is not trending now. Or ever.
Ironic, perhaps, but wouldn’t a bucket and shovel compromise the integrity of his message?
And that, Timmy, is why I don't eat paste any more.
His boss told him to get lost, but he's out of vacation days.
Just because a man can't think outside the box doesn't mean he has to crap in it.
He takes Throwback Thursdays way too seriously.
Cat in Litterbox pose
He has PTSD,post-traumatic sandbox disorder.
I even offered him some coconut water.
Has mom been feeding Kitty non-organic milk again?
Isn't he supposed to be potty trained?
Should we call animal control?
He keeps saying: "Bottled water! Bottled water!"
is that dad?
He refused to play with the super delegates.
Sheesh, this guy really doesn't want to share.
That guy knocked over my sandcastle, don't give him any water.
We should build a wall.
'Yard Time" has a different meaning in these white-collar prisons.
It's part of a corporate retreat.
Perrier! Perrier! Perrier!
That's Harris from 5C reenacting Operation Desert Sandbox.
He was a legionnaire. He's training for a marathon.
A cat swallowed his wedding band.
They ran out of bonsai trees so he went with the mini desert.
I only have a few minutes of play time!
Take Your Dad to Play Day is just wrong.
He prefers to be called an "independent."
I don't think he lives in our building.
We'll eat when he finishes his laps.
I just wish he would try and recapture his youth somewhere else.
His "Survivor" audition is tomorrow.
He lost his Rolex.
"What he needs is a panel of experts".
I think I lost my boyhood somewhere over here.
He thinks the Chrysler Building is a mirage.
To the insanely persistent go the spoils.
I hope that's not us 50 years from now.
I thought this was a no smoking sandbox.
Doesn't he know this is an urban oasis?
I still prefer this over office yoga.
I'm helping him think outside of the box.
He's still looking for the palm tree.
A selfie would sober him up.
He's always losing his keys.
No rest for the weary.
We should check the pool.
I can see the appeal of adult coloring books, but these adult sandboxes are downright depressing.
It's just my dad. He's a performance artist.
'I guess you could share your water with him.'
He's going through his T.E. Lawrence stage.
I prefer sand that has been sifted.
I hope he doesn't think he's a cat.
Auditions for 'The End of the Trail' are next Tuesday.
He's a performance artist from California.
Using our sand box for detox again, dad? We’re telling mom.
He keeps repeating, 'Damn tribal council.'
Adults seem to forget how hard it is to toil away in the sandbox all day, but someone's got to do it.
Your dad's lost again.
So it's not much of a beach, but counting grains of sand is a chore.
Why do the actors in the climate change play have to practice in our box?
Costco.
Next week we'll mountain climb on the HVAC unit.
But is it art?
Can I get a chilled perrier?
Philosophically: sandbox, small talk, paradox … what's the difference?
During tax season this is the closest to the shore he ever gets.
Fast learner. He may be ready to lose all hope in a real desert as soon as next week.
Grauman's Chinese Theater it isn't.
Mr. Neighbor looks thirsty, I wonder how long he's been playing in the make believe dessert?
OASIS. the local watering hole is downstairs, Sir!
This guy should start thinking outside the box
Is he homeless or an artist?
Another day, another injustice.
He's a cat person.
They call it art.
Wow, MOMA really needs to start screening these performance pieces better.
This is still a nicer beach than Atlantic City.
He wouldn't move so they built the building around him.
All I know is he calls himself the sheik of the burning sands.
In my version of the origin myth, Adam is banished, but the Creator keeps Eve for himself.
I picked a bad day to quit hand sanitizer.
Take Your Dad to Play Day is kinda dumb.
He can't think outside the box.
This happens every time he forgets a 9.0 PH balanced water.
Ever since the new version of Lawrence of Arabia was announced, this place has been lousy with method actors.
I told my dad my school is an intellectual desert. he's trying to relate.
This is what happens when you give your park key to your big brother.
I'll be out as soon as I find my cat
I can hardly wait until the "Adult Crawl" hour is over.
Looks like we won't have to wait long for our turn in the sandbox.
He is cleaning the Detroit Lions litter box.
He never passed the preschool entrance exams.
He washed up here after his mortgage went underwater.
Same guy who nearly drowned in my wading pool.
There may be some lingering resentment.
Must have been one of those low cost airlines
NEVER, EVER... let me campaign for the presidency!
He should be thinking out of the box.
His problem is his inability to think outside the box.
He recently finished reading ‘Find Yourself in the Desert’, but he will do anything to avoid those annoying baggage fees.
That's one hell of a sand sculpture, Sandi...
We finally got him trained to use the sandbox.
Our turn, the egg timer just dinged.
He says it brings him back to a happier time, when he inexpicably played in children's sand boxes, but in better clothes.
I gotta get a new box-spring.
At least it's more spacious than that shoebox he was living in downtown.
He just moved from Arizona here to New York City. He says he does this when he gets home sick.
I killed him in the Kalahari Desert and got him stuffed
Looks like malicious code to me too
I guess the struggle isn't real.
I hate when Dad loses his keys.
There's never a good spot at the beach.
I think he wants to make sure no cats have been here.
I'd rather have a cat.
I'm not sure whose dad that is, but I think he's lost.
He's gonna need a bigger desert.
Dad gets so melodramatic when he's out of beer.
and now for the update on Manhattan man further getting in touch with his inner desert
He wiped out my juice box supply.
I hate Saturday mornings!
2-D, he's been trying to get on "Survivor" for years.
Mom says its the latest trend in extreme meditation.
Nostalgia of sandbox etiquette...
He's really taking this new cat litter research to new heights?
Another "red wine drinker" that thinks he's in shape.
He's trying to remember where he drew that line he'd never cross.
Is he the sandman?
He's living the metaphor.
I've never been in a hallucination before.
He said something about 'Panama Papers;' do you know what that is?
I guess one person's sandbox is another person's desert.
It is going to be the next Soul Cycle.
I'm helping prepare him for his audition for the urban, warm weather version of The Revenant.
Are you going to tell him it's kitty litter or am I?
Some days you just get in the box, kids. Some days you just lay in the sand, okay? You just get in and you die.
Just graduated from my job in Silicon Valley.
I'm thinking it's mom's turn to scoop the box.
Wonder what part of Bernie's grand vision he fits into.
Never thought I'd say this, but I miss my cubicle.
He says he's preparing for a Trump presidency.
Catman
He's in a "too much tequila" mirage. On three, unplug the fountain!
He thinks he's in the desert on a horse with no name.
We're going to need a bigger shovel.
A stray cat ate his car keys 3 days ago.
He thinks he lost his Camels.
I've been waiting months to have a turn !
The building once also had a wading pool.
Come on Mike. Be reasonable. You've been in there an hour. It's our turn now.
Get your own sand box if you want to play Lawrence of Arabia!
Ever since he lost his metal detector.
It's my Ben garden.
If each crawl divides the remaining distance by one-half we're going to be late for dinner.
Stuff really does grow quicker in sand.
He actually had a pretty nice jungle gym setup before '08.
If he still has his wallet, I see an opportunity here.
Litter Box
I like his chances of being rescued.
Grown-ups can take the fun out of pretty much anything.
He does it hoping to make the prices at the Oasis Mart seem reasonable.
Three more days, and he gets the promotion.
He's training for Trans Saharan crawl.
Maybe your dad should just get you an actual cat to teach you some responsibility.
It's an endless sandbox, the latest in regression therapy exercise.
And now our Millenial is reaching the end of his terrible ordeal.
Pei it forward, kids.
He has been playing "The Castaway" for weeks
I'm too young for this crap.
He's a Republican strategist in the vast wasteland created by Obama.
Don't you just hate it when dad loses his car keys?
He's recreating Lawrence of Arabia; he'll be done in a hour or two.
He likes treading water.
This is part of his process. His best ideas come to him in the form of a desert mirage. Right now, he's a little blocked.
This is the 20th sandbox without a sign of water.
Our weatherman was right about an urban heat island.
Junior's swimming instructor reported that he is making excellent progress and will be working in the big pool next week!
He's practicing for the political conventions.
I've had enough of this Montessori crap.
Everyone knew he was unelectable.
My suggesting to "Dress to Kill" was a metaphor.
Buzz off, it's my staycation.
Adults are so dramatic! There's a drinking fountain on the other side of the playground!
He's practicing for the Sahara.
I think he's looking for his inner child.
kids...I'm gonna need a few more minutes in here. I know my sanity is under here somewhere!
I'm building castles in the sky.
He's in search of 'Pi' or the 'Promised Land'; he won't say.
The newest exercise trend: Perpetual Desert.
Pat runs R&D for our Sahara line.
Your cat looks sick.
He's been taking night classes at the Actor's Studio.
Show some respect, the man wrote Pet Sounds.
Has anybody seen my chin?
And you thought it was a cat.
The call him Lawrence of TriBeCa.
I'm definitely doing this community a service after cleaning up this old man's mess.
And he refuses to ask for directions.
It's his fourteenth day demonstrating for more public bathrooms.
They call him a "sand witch," but he's really a warlock.
It's like an endless pool, except without the water.
I call it Brian Wilson: He was no day at the beach.
He needs to think out of the box.
Should we get him a glass of water?
Maybe we should tell him about the "find your IPhone" feature
Probably cheaper than going to Hawaii.
This isn't performance art. It's a man in a rooftop litter box.
Looks like Gregory finally got his Infinite Desert installed.
Do you ever wish we had a dad who wasn't a performance artist?
Looks like Dad forgot to take his Risperdal again.
Worst sense of direction I've ever seen.
Taxes claims that you haven't been keeping up your side of the partnership.
I don't know what he's been looking for all day, but I'm pretty sure he has low expectations.
He gets good and tired then says "IT'S"
"Desert Roof", Weight Loss Program makes weight loss a mirage.
He has an uncanny ability to think the worst of any situation.
I think I like Dad better when he's on the wagon.
The illusion of family togetherness.
Looks like Mr. Benton forgot his morning latte.
Hailed best installation artist of 2016 this piece is titled "lost contact lens"
And you thought that camel last week was strange.
The vagrant was a figment of their imagination.
That's the IT guy. They misinterpreted his sandbox order.
"Forget your castle, let's go get a drink".
Keeps mumbling something about getting his hands on Rod Sterling.
In training for global warming. 10% inspiration, 90% desiccation.
And I thought WE were method.
The boss told him to work on his imagination.
This new cat litter is potent
I told you we should have bought a cat instead...
He says it will help him appreciate this 'urban oasis.'
He should be ready for a nap in about an hour.
In the next scene my dad reenacts Lawrence's first meeting with Prince Faisal.
Maybe we're both a mirage.
Gives new meaning to Metallica's, Enter Sandman
I told him to not give up, but he won't listen.
After ignoring the warnings of urban miming, Tim found himself stranded in a desert sandbox.
He's never forgotten his experience as a model in a desert photo-shoot.
Maybe we should have gone to the beach...
It's great to see Mr. Whiskers so happy again in his new litter box
He remains, as always, surrounded by 'mirages.'
I wish I had his imagination.
Let's hope this is just a phase he's going through.
An honourable mention in the Tableau Vivant goes to Sahara Sam.
He said it's the latest physical fitness craze, Death Valley Crawl.
Maybe HE is a mirage?
I cleaned up after the cat; you clean up after Mr. Phillips.
Poor Sandy. He never could think outside the box.
I wish he would learn to play outside the box.
I've always liked Career Day.
My Dad watched,'Lawrence of Arabia',again last night!
Someone stole his zen garden
They said the ocean was this way?
Shall we offer the pail and shovel or just tell him his keys are right there on the sidewalk?
Every time I throw a nickel in there, some homeless guy searches for it.
This new sand sauna concept is selling like hot cakes ... people can't get over it.
I think he's a mirage.
I happen to know that Association By-Laws,Section IV,(b)(1), Hogging The Sand Box carries a fine of $25 per hog
He's protesting the systematic urbanization of this rooftop
We should've known better than to go into parks and rec in this modern age.
My Dad just has to sleep on the couch.
I think he's looking for his pail and shovel.
He's looking for his lump sum distribution
How are we supposed to clean the kitty litter box of your dad won't get out ?
... it looks more like you buried his dignity.
It IS therapeutic, but sometimes the sand gets in you underwear.
How long has your dad identified as a cat?
It's way cheaper than actually crasing in a desert..
What a playdate. Is your dad a Pisces?
That's it. I'm calling the super to fix the indoor plumbing.
Cleaning it isn't so bad. It's the hairballs on the rug I mind.
Yeah, I don't think dad was paying close attention when the IT guy explained the benefits of sandboxing.
Well Susie, at least he kept the cats from using it as a litter box.
This may be why he was so obsessed with Catwoman.
It's a sandmill.
He's in training for the New Yorker cartoons.
Don't worry; my dad's researching his book about the presidential campaign.
He can't see the sand for the box.
This is my home boys!
He appears to need it more than us.
Fox News reporting - sadly, our experiment on how millennials are finally leaving the sandbox, has failed.
I don't know, he said something about looking for water.
Call PETA. I think it's an Endangered Species.
Should we call him a camel?
He said that we're only a mirage. mirage.
If he's looking for the treasure of the Sierra Madre, he's in the wrong place.
He says the explanation lies in an old movie called 'Fargo'. . .
Even though we're 'cat people,' maybe we should consider replacing the litter box with a guest bath?
Age discrimination can be a good thing.
I don't know... he keeps mumbling something about an oasis.
Are we there yet ?
I hate it when Mr. Smithers gets here first!
Maybe he's an out-of-work archeologist.
He's been stuck in that mirage since he was our age.
It is thought to give the homeless a sense of play!
He says he's looking for the pool
A minimalist before he became a survivalist, he just lacks any stick-to-itiveness, so we should be able to play in the sandbox by tomorrow.
He definitely needs to think outside the box!
I call it 'The Rooftop Urban Litterbox'
He's doing his Angry Cat impression.
Worst case of PTSD I've ever seen
Don't grow up, kids. It's not worth it. This used to be a lot bigger and a lot more fun.
I'll just add a bucket of salt water and a herring and you can enjoy a beach vacation.
He must've figured out it's kitty litter by now.
It looks like he has no idea that a sandbox is for kids and a treadmill is where grow-ups play.
He's an experiential learner. Now he'll remember that desert has only one "s".
The thinking is that we'll soon know if it's a litter box or a compost bin.
Does not play well with others.
Authenticity is overrated.
So Dad's way of saying, "No virtual reality goggles for you next Christmas."
Once again Adam proves he is not a team player as he monopolized the sandbox at recess.
Living around theatre people is exhausting.
We need to make sure you can stay hydrated in this job.
Don't worry, the Kitty Litter for Elder Care will be covered under the Republican replacement for Obamacare
...And among our Fitness Center amenities is our rooftop Lost in the Sahara feature.
Should we build an oasis instead of a castle?
He came with the kit.
Ok, so he can't walk on water but he can crawl on it.
Initially we thought he was a genius. Turns out he's just a middle aged alcoholic who takes advantage of innovative workplaces.
My father's been this way since the air conditioning has been on the fritz.
I think Ronny is getting too old to play in the sand. His joie just isn't there anymore.
It's the latest live performance installation called "man searching for sand pail"!
If you wait long enough, they all turn into sand.
It's his version of a desert survival simulator.
At least he stopped leaving us hairballs on the couch.
He keeps building Collateral Debt Obligations.
So it's true...the myth of the boy whose mother forgot to collect him in 1989.
Sad case - he's practicing searching for the wedding ring he lost on a trip to Death Valley.
He should try thinking outside the box.
How much longer until production starts, Mr. DeCaprio?
On your way, this isn't the Kalahari.
Another island vacation trip booked with an expired card.
Well, Justice is blind, so I guess the whole invisibility thing is moot.
We're trying this to help Jason get over that weekend he was lost in the Mojave.
He's rehearsing for his role in "Lawrence of Arabia."
After inventing the Lap Pool, I started working on a Lap Desert.
I hate these method actors.
Be careful.We don't have enough antibodies to get in there with him.
He just totally misses the concept of manscaping.
He thinks all this is a mirage.
Is this the same guy who was hogging it last week?
We couldn't afford an 'Endless Pool'.
I told you they were shooting the remake of the Hangover here!!
My dad says work is like this.
I can't stop them from referring to it as a penalty.
Lucky for for him - its slow sand.
He 's showing me "sans serif" texting.
I don't know. I'd guess he's transitioning to house cat.
Should we tell him recess is almost over?
"Surely the add read, bring "Pail and Shovel" not "Pale and Disheveled".
What do you say..., give me my soul back and we call it even?
All men must find out in their own way whether they are good, bad, ugly, or just Blondie.
He thinks he's Lawrence of Arabia
Damn! He's getting the worm!
He loves working at the granular level.
The Oversight Committee ultimately decided Governor Snyder's proportionate punishment should be to try and find clean water in challenging conditions.
Oh no — it's New Yorker Cartoon Fantasy Camp day.
First the cats were wrecking my fun and now this.
I found him here at recess and he keeps mumbling the word water.
The 'infinity desert' also has a heat lamp option, for extra despair.
He's been this way since they brought him back from the Sahara
He needs to think less one-dimensional conventional and more out-of-the-box unorthodox.
He thinks we're the mirage.
Don't be embarrassed, all dad's want to demonstrate the heroic struggles they have endured. My dad re-enacts his great battle with the mastodon whenever we visit the Natural History Museum.
He needs to start drinking outside the box.
Third day without water. I suppose we should fill the bucket.
Old man Mitty is at it again.
I'm not sure either. Something about some dude named Dan and a big green tree and ...
Counsel rests FOREVER?
That cat looks like your dad.
This is no longer a phase but a full blown obsession!
He’s our top performer, but he tends to slow down when he gets near the finish line.
If we're ever going to sell the place, we need to just paint over the damn thing.
So that's what a beach bum looks like.
When he reaches the oasis, we can play some more.
What's that man doing in the cat's bathroom, anyway?
I don't know, poor guy just ran out of our Snapchat focus group for males aged 25 to 40.
No, that is not Cat Man.
Can't get past being voted off the island on the next-to-last show.
With global warming, we'll be seeing more of these rooftop gardens converted to rooftop Saharas.
This is our prototype Zumba Sandbox home edition.
He thinks it's the 1869 one cent coin a told him I lost -- it's a penny.
Dad likes to show us kids how hard it was for him to discover gold.
He should have turned left at Albuquerque.
Paul. . .Ryan. . .
I'am thinking Depends next time.
With the new round of cutbacks, he better start thinking outside the box.
The mind is a terrible thing to waste.
Whew! He's Lawrence of Arabia, today. Since he's not Felix the Cat, we won't need the shovel and pail, after all.
His boss said, if he wants to be the top sales rep, he'll have to become 'king of the sandbox'.
From the Latin mirari urbanus, otherwise known as Tuesday.
Let's think outside the box.
The VR water isn't very wet either.
When was that yoga place supposed to be finished?
Screw those kids. I own the building.
My dad REALLY misses Malibu.
It may be unpaid but my dad says his internship is providing priceless experience.
Can't these actors role-immerse in their own darn sandbox?
Not really, it' actually a treadmill.
maybe his inner child had a difficult childhood
I thought this was Mother's day for sand play.
And now we'll interview one of the first graduates of Trump University
Mr. Ruteger likes to take it to the next level.
I call it "Death Valley."
You're human litter box experiment doesn't appear to be working.
All right Clark, you made your point. We'll have the air conditioner repaired tomorrow.
He usually gets tired by high noon.
C'mon Dad–time for work.
Remember the good old days when all we worried about were cats?
When I was your age...
Think we should change his food?
Some obsession with a film about a soccer ball and some ice skates.
Well, at least he is not burying his head in the sand.
We're gonna need a bigger box
They call him the Catnip Cowboy.
I hear they call him Lawrence of the Bronx.
I say, Mary, that is the best crawl of shame I have seen all week.
We'll get our garden back when he realizes there is no oasis at the end of an endless sandpool.
When is lap time up??
I know I left that cat around here somewhere.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a rather depressing one.
We're replicating a viewer's experiencing an election year on TV.
Apparently Spidey Sense is not infallible.
This happens every time the cost of gold goes up.
So that's his litter box.
Hey Mister, that's not the zen box.
They call him Lawrence of Batavia.
Get a job.
He claims that he is, "Catman."
He wasn't sure how to log out of the sandbox.
Crack is one hell of a drug.
Leave him in a bit longer...I think the Sandbox-Detox idea is showing promise.
I preferred the skylight, but apparently we need to work on our play skills.
Sauna is very good on health.
Yes, sir, that's correct; this is the "New Luxury" sandbox you saw advertised in Forbes Life.
Don't mind him. He's insane.
Mom says he was stranded on a desert island, so this feels like home.
I'd ask him to give me a turn, but I don't think I have that level of commitment.
When are these darn poppies going to start to grow?
What? No late check out?
Keep digging Dad. You'll find your self esteem in there somewhere.
I'll never sleep tight again!
Dude, your youth ain't in there.
He couldn't afford the full desert survival course.
So this is why mom doesn't want us playing in it.
Actually, I wanted a dessert.
#firstworldprobz
I told you our rooftop sandbox was weird.
I think he just meowed. Let's get out of here.
We bought GENUINE desert sand!
Umm, is he seriously crawling thru the sand, awkward!
It's supposed to replace the never ending pool.
Searching for Neverland.
Some say it's the nexus of their universe - Generation Y hits a crisis called Midlife.
I call it 'The Future'. The sand is made of crushed participation trophies.
He thinks he's Donald Trump.
Is wearing a tie too much to ask?
Excuse me, but your time is up. We reserved the four o'clock slot.
Let's come back later - it looks like he's in the middle of something.
It's like an "endless pool," only worse.
I told you not to invite Lawrence.
He still has flashbacks to that last, harrowing cartoon.
I wish Dad would grow up.
He said something about 'Speedo season.'
We are all just living in somebody else's world.
Overcoming feline delusions can be particularly difficult unless the litter box is removed.
Is it performance art or is it heat stroke?
MANHATTAN BEACH BUM
If he's the Sandman, I'm never sleeping again.
I thought the guy who made iPhones was dead...
Bobby enjoys being hands on at everything he does, even dipping the cat litter box.
Earl has a gift for sucking the joy out of sandbox time.
Mr. Martin has a dry sense of humor.
Our entry is entitled: It's about the journey, not the destination.
Year 22: Still lost in the desert with no food or water. All my friends have left and I can't seem to find any exits. I will continue to search this sandy box
I told him it was a zen garden.
It's supposed to relieve stress.
Who said it was okay to put a "California Dreamin" live art installation in our rooftop sandbox?
Who does he think he is, Moses?
To understand "Lawrence of Arabia" you have to understand the sand.
CrossFit's take on hot yoga, looks like.
He's mad that the cats found his oasis.
You can get up now Mr. Marshall, we promise not to disturb your rutabaga.
These millennials are so dramatic.
He said he was trying to find himself, but I think he just meant his contacts.
He created his own hell.
Better find your own sandbox. This one's been taken!
Too bad those people and buildings are mirages. I've been stuck in this desert for too long!
Would you like to flip a coin to decide your fate, Jerry?
Dad’s a great believer in preconditioning. He’s been doing this every day since he was told that the company’s transferring us to California.
You don't have to be out of the box to think outside of it.
Yesterday he told us he actually preferred a desert climate.
He keeps gasping for water.
That's Ed, our condo board president, who argued that a sandbox was anything but a splurge.
Says here it's an allegory for everything.
Twelve seconds into survivor sandbox and Watson appears ro be fading fast.
He can't afford to vacation in the desert this year.
Performance art at it's best, if you ask me.
Sure smells like he died and came back as a cat!
Should we card him? He doesn't look under 6 to me.
An all too common sandbox scene at Vegas' Mirage Hotel and Casino
If he survives he gets tickets to Hamilton!
HE'LL LEAVE IF WE GET HIM A GLASS OF WATER.
Happens every time the Brian Wilson tour bus comes round
His name's Bond -- vagabond.
Hey mister – this ain't no litter box.
I miss the cat.
What worries me is that you never know what the consistency will be.
Grown-ups have trouble thinking outside the box.
Jordan Speith recovered but Dad sure hasn't
I think your pops needs a creative outlet. Community theater perhaps?
It's just his way of acting out some weird, survivalist fantasy.
Dad's a germaphobe, and the lady in 3B just got a cat... shouldn't be much longer.
He says he's putting out fire with gasoline.
Dad?
This Navy Seal training is starting to cut into our playtime ...
It's the newest rage - 'ship wrecked on a desert island' yoga.
Could your dad relive his traumas elsewhere?
We better tell Mr. Bickley that "Wilson" is on the playground for recess?
He's not going to....... Oh no, please! Not in our sandbox!
Hey Mr. Wilson. Do you mind if we play through?
First the neighborhood cats, now him.
''We found him while vacationing in Arizona.''
He's checking it for a virus, before we let the kids play in it.
Just another mid life crisis.
You think he would know that this is a smoke free building.
Dad's reliving his life as a former castaway
My inner child demands attention.
Relax, we're just a mirage.
He calls it 'Jerusalem.'
I don't think a bucket and a shovel are going to be enough. How about a palm tree and a margarita?
Are you seeing that too?
Mommy, he's not sharing!
He says work has left him in the pits for weeks now.
Artisan Water ... Artisan Water from aquifers .... Artisan water ...
Who's he calling a mirage?
You see him too? I thought he was a mirage!
Call the consultants, he can't think outside the box.
Do the face snapchat face swap with him. It'll be lit af.
His 'thirty minutes' were up ages ago.
Just another busted-ass baby boomer looking for his youth.
Look Dawn. It's a new fossil to add to the collection.
Brennan always hogs the sandbox when he plays 'Dinosaur'.
I think the time is ripe to open that lemonade stand your always talking about.
Can you help me find my contact lense?
Let's get out of here before the digging starts this time.
Wanna bury him?
Before the mortgage crisis, he was said to have pooped gold.
But your husband won't be needed if Kong accepts your offering. Let's take another look at that kale.
He lost his marbles
Occupy Sandbox
We're not at Graman's Chinese anymore....
I'm not often a fan of mixed-media, but this has real pathos.
When he is finished we'll have to play around his tracks.
This exhibit made no sense the other day when it was raining.
Next, we'll train him to use the scratching post.
Harley is approaching pit row and will his crew will be priming the treadmill for the swimming portion of the race.
Mom said not to bother him, he's using the sandbox as a "Somali Diet" deprivation aid.
Dad really needs to stop playing Castaway
Water... water...
So the faux desert is the new plunge pool?
He's demonstrating a new "tax filing" fitness program.
Now, is this your dad's masochism, your mom's sadism, or both?
How badly do you want an engagement ring?
Should we give him back his glasses?
Mr Wilkins just hasn't been the same since be broke up with Cat Girl.
its the opposite of a lap pool.
Frothy soya latte with cinnamon sprinkle ... Frothy soya latte with cinnamon sprinkle ...
he is looking for his inner child
We might have to wait a while. It's rent controlled.
I wish Dad would look somewhere else for his urban oasis.
He's prepping for the Death Valley Fun Run.
I hope he covers it up when he's done -- like last time.
Beat it pal, you're going to have to think outside the sandbox.
Dad misses the real challenges of life in Arizona.
The water tank is not a mirage.
Once a month, my Dad tries to bring to life a typical New Yorker cartoon.
Well, it is the best place to look for loose change.
I don't think I like this year's hot new toy.
Dad takes playtime way too seriously.
the virtual desert was no longer working
Life's a beach.
My dad says the Sandman lost his job to a sleep app.
How long has he been n there?
Let's see if he finds the manna.
This is why there's now a Toys'R'Us disclaimer.
We'll just have to wait until the buzzards come to get him.
Watch when he realizes this is a mirage.
I need a juice box and a copy of Dune, stat.
Endless Pools is diversifying.
Man on a Hot Tin Roof
He lost his wallet at the beach, but the light is better here.
Exactly when did he lose his keys in there?
Should we tell him the phone's in his back pocket?
I think this is what adults call eminent domain.
Still looking for that urban oasis ....
We're gonna need a bigger shovel.
Back to the basics: play nice in the sandbox.
OK so they ran out of "Survivor" locations. The producers still aren't going to like it.
Can we move this along, sir? We've booked for 9:30.
Don't you think his training for the show would be better if he took off his clothes?
Go tell Mom that Dad lost his contacts again.
If only he had learned to play well with others in the sandbox...
Denies global warming has he? This treadmill made of sand should convince him otherwise.
Hey Sandman, wanna nice cold beer...or maybe a dip in a shady pool with a picnic basket full of sandwiches & fruit...? Or how bout spoonful of dry oats ?
Thanks to him, I no longer worry about my lack of imagination.
Let's play near the two guys on an island.
When Lawrence finds what he's looking for, he will go home. When you find what you are looking for, you will go home.
"He's having withdrawal pains from being on 'Survivor'".
OK, I'm telling Mommy. He didn't want my juice box, and he thinks neither of us are real.
He's taking up the whole box! Where am I supposed to build my castle?
It's as good as anywhere to look for Hoffa
Somebody had a rough play date.
He was editor of The Boston Globe just before President Trump got in.
Headquarters tolerates only the fresh, the new, the next. Our freshmen executives change the corporate mandala every morning.
He said he is practicing for the Sahara half-marathon.
I don't believe the tiny desert survival course will catch on.
I understand he's working on a sequel to "Lawrence of Arabia."
He wanted it for a low budget sequel to "High Plains Drifter" so I said "go ahead, make my day."
He started training for the English Channel in a bathtub.
This is the perfect example of why I'm propelled to pursue my interest in evolutionary psychology.
Just testing the last candidate to Head the Obama School for Middle East Policy.
Occupy Sandbox ran out of funding--he'll be gone by tomorrow.
Billy's really let himself go.
Has there ever been more of an #NYCpersonproblem than a homeless man in your rooftop sandbox?
Seders are just not enough for an Exodus re-enactor.
He's looking for his roots
yeah...that's my dad
On his 40th birthday, he'll switch to the 'land of milk and honey' box.
We should have gotten a puppy.
He lost his metal detector.
''See - that's what looking for your lost childhood looks..."
"At least he's keeping the cats away".
Sad really. He never learned to walk, even after getting his big boy pants.
Dad, we played 'stranded in the desert' the past two days. Can we play something else now?
My parents said admissions standards really fell this year.
Dad's a cartoonist, an' he thinks they should try to experience what they draw.
He's the guy from all those New Yorker cartoons.
Well, this rooftop amenity needed more square footage.
So who didn't get the sandbox tutoring job?
Rehearsals for the playlot version of Lawrence of Arabia were not going well.
That Brut cologne seems to loose it's appeal after 15 hours in the sun.
Our itinerary did not include beached white male watching.
OK, we'll give him 5 more minutes, then we have to clean him up for the convention.
Mom's parents in town again?
Maybe we should tell him to think outside the box.
It's sad. Some grown-ups don't know the difference between suffering and play.
Johnny doggedly maintains his hot pursuit of an A in sandbox. It could be the difference between Harvard and Yale someday.
Uncle Joe is from Death Valley
The New Yorker has really cut the budget on their perennial 'man crawling across a boundless desert' cartoon.
I guess it's better then finding a cat in our sandbox.
You're right. I suppose cats would be worse.
He's been looking for his keys for the past 10 years!
"I heard that they got this sand from some desert".
After the fall of Wall Street he has been pretty good, though we still might have him declawed.
After he gets cast on a humiliating reality show with has-been reality stars, we'll get our sand box back
Forewarned is forearmed.
Better than crossing the Sahara.
Do you think that jar of pennies we dug up yesterday was this guys IRA?
We use a sandbox for our code AND our coders.
Tom takes method acting to a whole new level.
Hey mister, the watering hole is the other way!
I didn't think we'd get to advanced groveling until we went for our MBAs.
Isn't that his contact lens on the sidewalk?
He says he couldn't afford a metal detector.
Mr. B insists on 'method acting' during play-time.
Has he lost his sock too?
I rented it through "sand b and b," but he isn't checking out.
He is acting...I saw him on 'Survivor'!
Are you seeing this or is this one of those mirages I've heard about?
Millennials have it easy--I only had newspapers in the corner of my cubicle.
Perhaps he should get over it, but it was his favorite toy.
He began to worry that his audience wasn't sophisticated enough to understand his performance art.
He comes up here drunk and tries to remake "Ishtar.
Let's call the "Darwin Award" people.
Hey Mister, it's time to start thinking out of the box.
He did say he wanted as much respect as we give to the cat.
For forty years he's been wandering in there...
Mister, you're not allowed to play here if you don't live in the building.
calls himself Indy and that he's looking for some ark.
That's why I don't wear contacts.
This rooftop gardening is harder than it looks...
Either he lost a contact lens, or it's retrogression.
We could just pretend he's a camel.
This happens every year at tax time.
If he doesn't make it, we can bury him.
We suggest you start thinking out of the box.
You'll still get visitation rights.
Dad is taking 'Dry January' a bit too far.
He's been there for 3 days. I think he's lost his marbles.
We can use it as soon as he gets to the mirage and realizes there's no water.
Do you kids want to play Castaway with me?
A new Bansky-inspired art installation has just popped up today entitled, "Wilson, where are you?"
All these years he can't find his bucket and shovel.
He really misses our Death Valley branch
Dad gets nostalgic for our summers at the beach.
I think he's lost.
Where are his parents?
I'll call the clinic and see if hitting "sand bottom" counts.
And the apartment rooftop includes access to a private beach.
I thought our tickets were for Cats, the musical?
Mom insists this is healthier for us than computer games.
I hate performance art.
He's our new green AC. Looking at him makes you feel cool.
Huh, I think he's trying to rediscover his inner child ...he just can't find it.
It's a sandbox thing, I don't know how to play nice...
See? This is why Trump wants to close the borders.
My cat rents it out by the hour.
I’m tempted to leave him to his fate.
If he starts meowing and scratching, I'm outta here.
I've never had a case where the defendant's name and the sentence are the same.
Your dad doesn't seem to quite grasp the concept of virtual reality.
He appears every morning but if you try to get closer, he vanishes. "
He's been that way ever since they canceled Jersey Shore.
Now if only we could get him to stop spraying.
Dad is determined to find your contact lens.
He's been watching too many Spaghetti Westerns.
I hate living near an acting school.
I thought he was YOUR imaginary friend.
I just wish I could convince him he's not a cat.
You know, one man's trash is another man's treasure.
See why weed is no a good idea!
Mom says its good for dad to get some sun after the separation.
Is this what's called a mirage?
If he drinks all the sand we'll never get to play.
David Blaine...
He hasn't had a juice box in three days.
This is no mirage.
Well, this stinks.
He used to headline at The Sands.
He says that ascetic masochism has given him great administrative powers, it's how he built this company.
It's the latest in artisanal weight-loss programs.
We're ok unless he starts to meow.
It's the logical successor to coloring books.
See? I told you those weren't from a cat.
Unable to assimilate back into his daily life, Chuck Noland found solace in familiarity
He thinks he's a cat. Why do you ask?
Survival is not a given.
His daughter buried his keys in there two weeks ago.
That vagrant completely destroyed our sandscape!
Sir. We appreciate your predicament, but please don't pee in our box.
My own private Idaho!
Dad, we're getting more of an 'Upset that I offered to help' vibe than we are 'Shipwrecked.'
The store said he'd clean himself, but I frankly don't know how much longer we can wait.
After he lost his contact lens, he really got lost!
He's been like that since we found him in the Mojave searching for his wife.
People gripe about gentrification but the sandboxes still suck.
I'll admit that I doubted the litter boxes for the homeless idea.
I think he Feels the Bern.
Mondays amirite?
I get it Dad, I don't need an Oculus Rift
I'm thinking what we scooped out yesterday may not have been from a giant cat.
I don't wanna play with him.
You're scooping it out yourself this time, "Cat Man".
Yeah, it's pretty strange but he says it's equivalent to a run around the park without having to deal with other people.
Once he finds his camel, he'll leave.
He said he was a sandbox developer.
In his defense, hot yoga classes are expensive.
Moat it is.
Coals were to much for him.
We kept one pre-revolution memento.
I guess he didn't have a happy childhood.
They don't take reservations, so I improvised.
Churlish of me to say that it is neither performance nor art.
Since he found oil in a desert for an oil company, my Dad has been working on doing it for himself.
He was told to be the wave of the future.
Hey! Other people need to uncover repressed childhood memories in that sandbox too you know!
You should have seen him at the Christmas party
The sand is on a treadmill... I don't know what he's on.
I sure hope he know the difference between a sandbox and a litter box.
His devotion to theme is admirable, but 'Larry of Astoria' doesn't really have the same ring to it.
Maybe next time we should try to think outside the box.
You've heard of Pavlov's Dog, right?
It's important for our bartender trainees to experience a truly dry martini.
It's the only remedy we have found for cat scratch fever
I saw this installment in the Guggenheim last month
Polictical regression is our last chance.
He's working his way up to the Sahara.
This is an unintended result of extended family leave.
The guy's just no fun anymore.
Don't worry Dorothy, Daddy leads a very rich fantasy life.
Some people just never make it out of the sandbox.
I say its time to call the vet
He's less trouble than Mrs. Thompson's cat.
He just tore off his nicotine patch and said he'd crawl a mile for a Camel.
Tell your dad that I suggest he think outside the box.
My dad gets dramatic when we run out of bottled water.
No way! The last time we gave him a glass of water he spilled it.
Plays well with others - Undetermined.
Too bad all he can build is a sandcastle.
He claims to be the sole surviving investor in 'Ishtar.'
Uh oh, I think Daddy's been watching 'Ishtar' again.
It's a reenactment of Paul in the Desert."
My dad did not have much of a childhood.
Dad thinks we're a mirage.
Hey Mister, the oasis is over on 53rd St.
It's in here somewhere!
We're marketing it as the Infinity Sandbox
Drunk or sober, he acts like this all the time. I can never tell the difference!
This is getting weird. Let's go flip those pancakes.
Suburban kids only have to worry about cats using their sandbox.
He's supposedly one of the top sand artists in the country although I have my doubts.
The irony is that this is happening at The Mirage Hotel.
Guy in 14C. He binge-watches castaway movies.
These Foreign Legion boot camps are getting out of hand.
Mom was right, Brooklyn is a hipster playground.
He hasn't been the same since he lost the crawl in the olympics.
Did the hobo take over the sandbox again?
I was willing to accommodate his feline persona, but I think we need a bigger scooper.
His sandcastles in the sky collapsed, so he's starting anew.
He didn't go to a very good kindergarten.
I heard Burning Man is full of these people.
It's a Hot Yoga workout, without the yoga.
No, YOU tell him his time is up.
He says he getting in shape to be on "Survivor"
My Dad is waiting for his ship to come in.
He still hasn't learn to use a toilet
He's harmless, but keep an eye on your juice box.
The search is going to be even worse when my dad finds out the dog swallowed my mom's ring.
I was thinking Uncle Arvin recently seemed overly obsessed with the Kitty litter box.
Now it's considered an "artisan micro-desert."
It's rent controlled so he's held onto it.
I never thought we'd have to Schedule I catnip.
This is why I don't like cat people.
Combines the Art of Cruelty with Regression Therapy.
...??While Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters...
Trust me, fracking is no longer glamorous
Bob is in the early stage of our out-placement process.
I think he forgot to take his Ritalin.
Want to buy a pail and shovel
He's looking for the oasis.
We never specified what type of animals could use the litter box.
Yesterday he cried out for water. Today he was talking to a camel.
He's not going to find an oasis here.
Water!!
He's a method actor. Moved in last week.
I liked it better when your dad was researching how the character in his novel ate bugs to survive.
He's a rescue dad.
It's a low budget reality show: "Lost contact in the sandbox."
Looks like he could use my shovel.
I'm going to put this in a bag and make it my lover.
Crawl Like an Egyptian
He said something about the Walk of Fame
Good job Tommy !
You never should have crossed me, Billy. Now, watch as I bury your father alive... He shall pay the price for your sins!
Um, Mister, can we have a turn?
Sooner or later he will realize it's just a mirage...
Things haven't been the same here since they started having method acting class downstairs.
Why is he staring at the pool like it's not really there?
He's been doing a real time reenactment of Moses in the desert since his first recess.
Of all the sandboxes in all the towns in all the world, he crawls into ours.
I know digging a well is a great idea; I'm just afraid he won't last until we hit water.
He really has to start thinking outside the box.
Are you sure he's the one to mix paint?
The condo board denied his request for a lap pool.
He said he was going to bury his head in the sand until this election was over, I just didn't believe him.
Well, you're the one who told him to pound sand
He's been watching too many Humphrey Bogart movies.
I hope he makes it to safety before sundown
He told me he was a method cartoonist.
No, we're the mirage.
He leaves at 3:30 when happy hour starts.
He misses the desert.
He lost his glasses a couple of years ago.
Not sure sandboxes on the highline are a good idea after all.
He's trying to go back to where it all began.
He's looking for the old cigarette butts he buried last fall.
7 days without water, he's amazing!
Don't say anything. He's our ride home.
Well that explains what happened to the merry go round.
This guy never shares.
My mom said he lost his favorite shovel in there 28 years ago.
He's getting in shape for Global Warming's arrival.
His youth is just a mirage
Should we tell him there's lead in the water?
It's our " Roofhampton " amenity.
It's called 'Performance Art'
I'm sure not going to be stuck in a dead-end job when I grow up.
I hate art.
Mom was upset, but I don't think she meant for him to take it literally.
sorry to see that Dad has gone back to his childhood where he lost his contacts
Looks like Jimmy's helicopter dad crashed.
Steve spends every lunch hour searching for remnants of his youth.
This is almost as revolting as that guy who thought he was a cat.
He should see the oasis any second now.
If we give him water he'll never leave.
That's not exactly what I had in mind for a karesansui garden.
It's a win-win. If he finds any cigarette butts he can keep them.
Watch out for the big clumps of sand.
He says he's looking for his lost shaker of salt.
He's auditioning for a David Lean movie
Hydrate for happiness!
That's what repeating kindergarten eight times will do to you.
He's cut his time almost in half since last week.
Hey pal, we don't inhabit your world of cynicism, hedonism or hypocrisy, so get the hell out our sandbox!
My dad is an unemployed archeologist
We can play tic-tac-toe on his pants leg, or help him find his contact lens.
Deanne says that public school sculpture isn't half as creepy.
Gee, I guess we'll have to go find another island.
Once dad has finished looking for gold nuggets, we can have our turn
Sad, last ditch effort to be our age again.
I swear I dropped the back to my earring in here somewhere.
He's training for climate change.
It's not the heat, it's the math. He only gets halfway there every day.
He's checking for cats.
They say he's performing ' The Lesson.'
Looks like Zamboni is up to his old tricks again.
Don't say anything about all the butts we smoked.
Hey Mister, do you wanna Red Bull?
Outa the box dad, we want to construct a castle to be stomped on by a big kid.
Dad never could handle New York summers.
Oh him? He keeps the cats out.
He's in training for the Sandman.
Patience. He's getting in touch with his inner cat.
You think his plumbing's out at home?
Well, he did say he wanted an 'Oasis in the City'.
Sandbox mirage, he thinks he can see his childhood hopes and dreams fulfilled.
He said he really misses his old cartoon.
He's showing off.
Nope, you're still thinking inside the sandbox.
They just don't make quicksand like they used to.
Some see a world in a grain of sand: others, not so much.
When you said your dad was an auditor, I thought of something more in the "financial statements" territory.
Maybe we should build him a rooftop oasis.
He's taking the hands-on approach too literally.
And this marks the end of the 1976 Baby Crawl Contest.
"No more video games. Fresh air, " she said.
Maybe it's Cat Pilates
He's doing the Upper-West-Side-Desert-Crawler Workout, followed by an hour in the Jacuzzi.
He's with the French Foreign Legion.
Bikram sand-tray proved to have limited therapeutic value.
He says he is an advocate of the tiny life movement.
He really needs to grow up.
My dad thought he would lose more weight with a dehydration eternity pool.
You're right. We should just drive down to the beach.
He has trouble thinking outside the sandbox.
Oh, he's definitely feeling the bern!
He's looking for a do-over.
He's really serious about this new Castaway diet plan.
I wonder why he wanders...
I was so looking forward to sifting out the cigarette butts with you.
No, you get in first.
This guy is taking forever.
Looks like Lawrence from accounting thinks he's Lawrence of Arabia
He's feeling the Bern!
Must have been a big cat.
It's called 'Crossfit.'
Man I knew sandboxes were full of germs, but I didn't realize they were over run with poverty just like the rest of Chicago.
Nobody's ever beaten the sandbox test before!
You think he might be taking this 'real conservative' thing too far?
What with global warming this is what's left of Gilligan's Island.
'Before it's too late, maybe tell him we have his pail and shovel?"
I guess some people never grow up!
Do you think he'll be ready for the Sahara by Monday?
Mmm, Almond Roca
I told you not to wear the hoodie!
Should we set up the sprinkler?
I told you getting a sandbox with such a high feral population around was a bad idea.
Used to be Miss Barbara's skylight.
Of all the sandboxes, why ours?
I see what you mean. He looks miserable; we should switch back to the clumping litter.
Why that's Jordan Spieth" "He seems to be having a meltdown like it's a sand trap!
Better tell Billy his dad's off his meds again.
He's hoping for a call from Grumman's Chinese Theater
He's half way there.
Drink outside the box.
Dad, you're embarrassing us.
Mr. Sandman is down on his luck.
It´s title is "A Thirst For Creeping Socialism."
Will he figure out New York is just a mirage?
He wanted to reenact the Jews spending 40 years crossing the desert, but there were budget cuts.
Remember Donald Trump ?...How the mighty have fallen.
You've heard of quicksand? Well...this is the other kind.
Help Help. I wont to jump and play in the sand again
We've gone back to an organic base for our colognes.
No Grandpa." "We rode the subway here,remember?" "No,the buck board did not breakdown and the old mule did not run off!
He always does this after he watches "Lawrence of Arabia."
Do you think we're overdressed?
I heard, he's hidden away millions for when he gets out.
I thought that Gary's email said "come up to the roof for a little dessert"
I swear that's where we buried Grandma.
'Staycation' isn't going so well.
My dad is trying to give up smoking so I hid his cigarettes in my sandbox.
He's taking sandbox therapy to a new level.
These new sand molds are so realistic!
He's going to audition for a remake of Duel in the Sun.
He's been here for two weeks now. My mom says it's a new type of performance art.
This looked more appealing on Pintrest.
Dad's stress breaker happens whenever he acts like an Ostrich.
It's human ashtray."
Mr. Drysdale, you said the desert study wouldn't get in the way of recess!
The "Death Valley Routine" never gets him a lemonade!
He lost his job, I think he's looking for it
When is dad gonna let us use the beach?" "I dunno. I think he's lost at virtual sea...
We're trying ashtray aversion therapy to cure his smoking habit. If that doesn't work, we'll show him photos of Bette Davis at eighty.
What's a contact lens?
He's Lawrence of PS 122
I'm putting my money on the guy shipwrecked in the wading pool.
Is that Peter O'Toole ?
It's what happens if you don't move on.
2:30 on a Wednesday midlife crises just aren't what they used to be.
He really needs to think outside the box.
Look at that turkey on the sand which's there.
If he doesn't find an oasis, he's done for.
My boss told me that I didn't play well in the sandbox with my colleagues.
Low tide.
So this is what grown ups do for fun.
Beach front property doesn't come any cheaper than this.
The downside of the Sahara diet is we lose our sandbox.
I wanted a dessert with jimmies.
I would stand back . . . he thinks he's a cat.
Daddy, I also might have lost it on that other roof there...
He says he won't stop until he finds his contact lens.
The catalog says this one is 'Sahara at Noon,' $22,500.
I lost my contacts
Houston, we got a problem here.
At least it's only every other weekend.
Since when is this playground paleo?
Do you think we should tell him that he won't actually meet Trump when he's done?
Looks like daddy came down with cat scratch fever again.
You think everything stops being fun eventually?
This is what a beach vacation looks like after budget cuts.
He lost his glasses at the beach last week.
Hope it's the high end clumping litter!
I've heard about this new exercise craze. It's called the sandbox!
I guess he misses life in L.A.!
Let's get a walker walker next week.
Humana Stupidity
It brings back memories if WW 2.
I prefer him over that darn cat any day....
How’s he gonna explain this one to your mom?
He's not thinking outside the box.
Deserts in New York are small but efficient.
If he passes the endurance test, we'll give him a job at 'The New Yorker' as a cartoonist.
It's a mirage
Oh.....you wanted a rooftop infinity POOL. My bad.
Is he STILL Looking for his phone?
Every habitat has its unique flora and fauna.
These mirages are getting elaborate.
Next thing the Millennials will want is milk and cookies.
Should we go get his mom?
I went out and got a peasant for our castle.
Last week it was a cat problem.
It's a new kind of exfoliation.
Harold and Judy from 6D here. We'd like our skylight back.
Do you think this means I can have his iPhone?
"This might be his moment
For those clients who cannot swim, we offer the Endless Desert option.
Do you think someone should tell him his kid left an hour ago?
Get out of the sandbox, Gary. We have a meeting in the playpen in 10.
Cats will throw off his focus.
Relax. At least he's not a cat.
This prepares them for the worst - our Death Valley simulator
I wish our neighbor could get over that lost in the desert thing.
He keeps saying, 'Vodka Tonic, Vodka Tonic.' Any idea what that is?
I call it "Art Basel Miami Beach."
He must think he's Lawrence of Suburbia
Should we call him an Uber?
Marketing Endless Sahara would prove challenging.
Growing bums is all the rage you know.
Did he find his contact lens yet?
I guess your dad didn't find the cat.
No need to clean the cat box. Must have been some party last night.
Who Is Delusional? Am I Delusional?
I know my cat's in here Somewhere!! MEOW MEOW!!!
They say he was on a pub crawl. Now he's a sandbag.
Dad's reliving his "glory days" in desert storm again.
Think he'd mind if we jumped in?
Should we tell him?
It's like an Infinity Pool, only more desperate.
Look at the typical New York labour worker
See?! Global warming is true.
Are we in his mirage, or is he in our sandbox?
He's an editor for New Yorker magazine.
Why suffer in the cold?
I'm not sure that this is what was meant by "make the refugees feel at home"
He's a real stick in the mud
There goes the neighborhood.
He'll never find that contact lens.
" - You can take the man out of the desert..." Submitted by Neil L. Sachs, Monmouth Junction, NJ
He's from Malibu.
I don't have the heart to tell him that he is auditioning for the role of Bronte's Heathcliff...
He thinks he's a cat.
Are you about to rough?
First they take our coloring books, now our sandboxes.
I think we should go back to 'talk therapy'.
Apparently all the better deserts have been overrun by inconsiderate refugees.
It is this year's staycation.
He just can't think outside the box.
If you build it, he will come, indeed.
Sorry Sally, we'll have to come back later. Mr Snider likes to reenact scenes from "Lawrence of Arabia" when he's had a bad day at work.
Summer sandbox hours are hell.
This Moses impersonator is getting a little old.
He's looking for his lucky penny.
I solemnly swear to never grow up.
Poor guy. Apparently he walked before he crawled.
"Hey kids! Can you help find Daddy's penis? Your mother hid it again.
Don't worry. Dad can only do 10 minutes in the endless desert.
This is it- rock bottom.
I wonder if Cat Poop Checker is another one of those careers in the service industry?
Catman is always like this the week before Comic Con.
He's been drinking outside the box.
Folks, I'd give him some water, but it wouldn't be fair to the other contestants.
It's possible that crawling therapy can help ADHD, but I'm not so sure about alcoholism.
Poor Fred thinks he's auditioning for Cats again.
I wish he'd think outside the box.
"Dad's thing is always 'Go hard or go home!'".
Cartoonist.
Billy's been hogging this thing for years.
Did we forget to water yesterday?
Relax, you had to leave your scythe at the metal detector. Now, you're just a random guy in a hoodie.
He comes here for the Jersey shore experience.
If we find a contact lens, we'll let you know.
If you give him water now you'll just encourage him.
"Wow, those baby boomers even make playing in the sand tortuous".
I switched his pot with catnip.
Looks like we have another squatter in the sandbox.
Has Bikram yoga gone too far?
It's getting late buddy -- you'd better turn back.
What's your daddy doing here?
I think he dropped a contact
maybe this can take me to a 3rd dimension?
Mom just said nobody's too old for the sandbox.
I guess we'll have to wait to clean the litter box!
We should have just gave him the Executive Key.
Do we take this act of contrition with the grains of salt through which he is crawling
When he asked for a hot time in the old town tonight, this is the best we could think of.
Some people love what they do.
He thinks he sees an inflatable pool.
Is this what they mean by "sandbox issues"?
I thought the Board President was opposed to the sandbox?
Two more hours and we can move onto phase eight of your co-op application.
Need help finding your wallet?
Be patient. He's that Cheever fan Mom told me about.
Lap pool must be closed again.
Of all the sandboxes, in all of the towns, he crawls into mine.
No Dad, we don't want to play 'possible effects of climate change' again.
Should we sell him a necktie?
Your dad is bumming me out.
Finally, I made it to Flah-ri-da!
Time to muck him out.
Perspective is everything! Perspective is everything!
I haven't been able to use it since the day he got back from Persian Gulf duty.
He's suffering Frustrated Beach Syndrome
Does this background make me look fat?
And here's your average American run through the election gambit.
Don't mind him, Don thinks he's a cat.
Exquisite form, but that attitude is not doing #6 any favors.
Survivor has really cut its budget this year.
He's out of the litter box, and that's all I really care about.
It was made for cats that eat city rats; but he longs for his childhood sandbox.
It is a reverse Tom Sawyer whitewashing fence trick. He makes it look that difficult so he can stay in the sandbox.
... and then he took it all and invested in Miami Beach real estate.
I think he misses his dog badly and hopes finding traces.
he never got over losing a contact lens on the beach
There's water here, somewhere
I told you we should build a road.
He suffers from parchitis.
wow, a desert treadmill..
We could say dad's into boxing.
They're right. It is one big circle.
Should we point out the Korean Bodega on East 86th?
No fair. This guy's been hogging our Möbius sandbox for days!
I'm just glad he's not training for Naked and Afraid.
Mom says he never did learn to think outside the box.
Here we go. Another 'method' actor.
He said we'll find contributions from politicians in this litter box.
I guess he's more comfortable in a simulated offshore environment.
First it was adult coloring books, now adult sandboxes, I am instituting an adult time out!
Hey mister - can we bury you?
Tell the cinematographer to stick to closeups.
It's an Infinity sandbox.
He said he was looking for his childhood...
He's looking for his offshore account.
Ive tried everything, but I can't get him to think outside the box.
When they found him, he didn't want to leave.
He's in training for a mid-level management position.
Opps dad, I am sorry my took a bit longer than expected to drop me off after her shopping
Once you've collected enough sweat and tears, I'll bring you the *other* bucket.
He told my father that he can't get that Foreign Legion stuff out of his blood.
Mom says he has PTSD from being an Army mine sweeper.
He is practicing for the 'Death Valley Marathon'
We're going to need a bigger box.
Hey Mister! The Lee Strasberg Studio is on the 2nd floor...
My wife is allergic to dogs so we got him.
We can play when my Dad finishes his climate apocalypse training.
The police aren't going to find this very amusing.
I think we should go back to the Zen garden.
He's always been known as a dramatic actor.
Why do people litter?
He should probably start thinking outside the box.
Long time, no sea.
He's the cartoonist. He's sure this will stump all the contestants.
He swears his geo-cache led him here...
I've got it down pat!!!!!!
The name of the spin-off will be 'Sandbox Survivor.'
He won't get far.
I've placed him in a protected environment in which he (an untrusted program) may be run without affecting other parts of the system.
I wanted to play too, but the Parks guy said it was adult fitness equipment.
God, Francine, I hate cleaning his litter box.
He's getting in touch with his inner Israelite.
Doesn't think outside-the-sandbox.
That mirage has got him confused
Still can't find your contact lens?
Mom says it's his midlife crisis...
Somehow I don't think water is what he's looking for.
I think he's going to be a while.
Adding the smell of garbage really takes hyperrealist sculpture to the next level. The Whitney will beg for it.
I forgot dad has an audition today.
Harold's inclined to think inside the box.
That's what you get for kicking sand in the sandbox
They say he's been in time out for 20 years.
Extreme miming - it's all the rage.
He's searching for an affordable housing unit.
Gentrification is really doing a number on those spirit journeys, huh?
His list must be bucket less.
Does your dad also insist on sifting through the sand for syringes and condoms before letting you play?
My dad needs it more than we do... he can't afford a beach vacation
Hard to guess for what story line he's seeking inspiration
I'm not giving Dad his iPhone back until I get some face time.
The drawbacks of culture appropriation.
Should we tell him Wilson needs him to come to his office?
His lobotomy had some severe sideeffects.
Meet Chad. He claims he's the swing-vote among the Arizona Super-Delegates...
Looks like Mr. Podeski is feeling dramatic again.
Deluxe model included a fan to simulate snadstorms.
I think his GPS is off.
" Ok...So Mr. Smith thinks he's a Cat. But..Why does he have to use our sandbox as a LITTERBOX?
He thinks he's Lawrence of Suburbia.
He doesn't play well in any sandbox
My father said that he needs to get inside the box to think outside the box.
It seems Gerald was serious about that post-apocalypse training.
You were the one who wanted an adult playground on the roof.
It's just a mirage.
Not a drop left after ShamWOWing.
I forget, what is playground etiquette in regard to the weird kid?
They say that every journey starts with the first step. This one ends there as well.
He said he is from code enforcement and we have to pay him for demolition.
Looking for an oasis.
Don't just stand there...help me find my wedding ring!
I think he's had enough. Give him his cell phone back.
Well, there goes the playground.
Mom said he wouldn't put the seat down.
He's really taking this casting call for "Survivor, Death Valley" seriously.
He hasn't yet learned to think outside the box!
I'll search for my inner child. You guys think outside the box.
Those are not the kind of vultures the boss was talking about attracting.
There's got to be an easier way to do delegate selection.
I can't stand method actors...
He's taking "hot yoga" to an all new level.
How long has your dad been training for the Sahara marathon?
I heard that he was voted off Survivor in the first episode.
I thought he was making progress...Last week he was in a lounge chair with a Mai Tai
Get your education, or you could get stuck in a dead-end job.
It’s been three days - how much can a contact lens cost?
Dad never has been very good at thinking inside the box.
Immersive acting turned out to be cheaper than the Maserati.
W... Wa... Water...
He hasn't been the same since we sold our beach house.
He's not one much for playing nice in the sandbox
Freud classifies regression as oral or anal but not everything fits neatly into a box.
Did we forget to dig him out last week ?
He knows where the water is.
Playing in the sandbox with a hangover is not advised
Still searching for the offshore tax shelters.
Should we tell him we found his car keys 2 hours ago?
No oasis unless he takes back my F in math.
My mother calls this Sandbox Syndrome.
It's just another day in the existential sandbox.
The sands of time wait for no man.
It's and endless sandbox.
You can take the desert out of the desert, but you can't take the nomad out of the nomad.
Things have gotten really weird ever since Chipotle started offering organic LSD as a topping.
He's been watching too much Survivor.
And I thought your castle was realistic.
Mom dropped her ring in the cat food.
Does he know it's only for cats?
Wow... Your dad is really trying to get the most out of this every other weekend and one month of summer thing. Instead of the sandbox, I think you should ask for a pony next time.
Please tell me he didn’t just meow.
This sandbox must be bigger than it looks from the outside.
It's his one man show of "Cat on a Hot Sand Box".
Come on, Herbie! Make it look like you,ve crawled many miles.
My mom says he's having a midlife water crisis.
I don't think he'll make it.
He keeps muttering "single malt, single malt".
Meet my Dad – he loves to play Survivor.
He loses half a mill- and he still gets to go first!
I can't afford a time share
Suffering silently is truly a lost art.
I'm gaining more respect for vultures.
Point him to the Oasis Day Spa on Park
I'm not sure . . . He calls it the "desert diet".
Sand sand here I am.If you can't see me, no one can!
Is this what they mean by "Uptown Funk You Up"?
this was his last artistic endeavor
I'll take him over Mrs. Dickerson's cat any day.
Not what I had in mind when I heard "Corporate Retreat."
It's his practice box for climate change.
Let's help him dig for water.
This must be his new P.O. box.
maybe sandboxes won't always be fun.
It's my greatest sand sculpture yet. I'm calling it 'Election Season'.
Sorry, kids. I really want to go to the beach. That's all.
He texted mom that he's in the mood for "desert" and he didn't want to look like an idiot.
The search for the Holy Grail led Sir Galahad to many a new places.
Peanut butter sandwich, Mister?
I remember what it felt like to sit through Ishtar
I bring him water so he can keep hunting for treasure.
Let's help get to the bottom of this.
Sorry, but we reserved the sandbox from noon to one.
He's trying to find his childhood. Should I give him my shovel?
It works out perfectly, Amanda. The homeless need a place to defecate, and I have a need to pick up human feces with my flyswatter.
It looks like the teachers are striking again.
Just 5 more minutes.
Thats my Dad....he's a recovering "parrot head".
He keeps saying something about finding his lost youth.
He said he's rehearsing the part of Chuck Noland just in case they make Cast Away 2.
Apart from flashbacks Judy, I'm in the zone.
He must be a mirage.
This performance piece is called "Looking for Reasonable Rent".
O.K. You've made your point about global warming.
If it's just a needle, my mom has thousands.
He's actually pretty high-ranking in Scientology.
We'll have to bury him fast to avoid the scavengers.
That corporate retreat flyer was really misleading
Quickly now. Let's bury his head in the sand and then forget about it.
This might be our most lively sand castle yet.
40 years ago this is how I played in this sandbox.
Mrs. Thompson thinks this works better than putting him in the doghouse! He must have really screwed up this time!
Mister, even I know that's not a haystack.
He thinks he may have lost his keys here in 1986.
Just make believe you're in the desert..
This is what happens when you don't give it water and sunlight
He finally used his one vacation day
...says he's demoing it for his cat
Oh geez, Alfredo's lost his marbles again.
Your mommy is going to be really mad that you played in your fancy shoes.
He comes here to practice. He's going to a casting call for a role in a cartoon in The New Yorker.
Boy, this is a bad place to lose a contact.
Should we tell him that's the litter box?
You know that they haven't changed the sand yet this year, right?
" His Boy Scout oath says "Be Prepared".
Not sure just water is going to do it.
He is either trying to channel his inner child or he is suffering from post traumatic sand box syndrome.
Daddy, may I have my lucky penny back now?
Your dad is truly the worst desert explorer ever.
How old do you have to be to know you're too old for a second childhood?
Just dump the water in, he's playing shipwreck.
If this your Dad after watching 'Lawrence of Arabia,' I hope he never sees 'Fifty Shades of Grey.'
Billy, it's been 35 years now. It's time to wash your hands and come inside.
The endless pool wasn't a bad idea, but this...?
Joan said he had always wanted to do the Hajj
This live art exhibit is a new self portrait in the starving artist category..
Let me introduce you to our new recruiting process for urban planning managers.
Mom calls it "cat box therapy". He flunked out of the dog house.
This, Jeffery, is the proverbial Sandman I've read about.
Do you even sandbox, bro?
Saunders is a stickler for granularity.
Yeah, he's still looking for The Cloud.
Sorry ‘bout this. My dad spent the weekend binge-watching Lost.
What a drama queen.
It appears he's still sculpting.
...and after my little sister had an accident in there, she cried and cried.
I'm inclined not to tell the search party.
We really are getting the full New York experience at this Airbnb.
My Dad has all of his CD's
Don't worry, he's just a mirage.
He's searching for his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
I think he's practicing for the annual "Crawl-a-Thon" race.
He's preparing to be let go.
Not sure this beachfront timeshare is working out.
C’mon, Billy. Let’s go play in a virtual sandbox.
Put a couple of quarters on the ledge, Ceil, so he knows we're next.
My dad said tell Mr. Skinner he is full of poop.
It's another Trump intern practicing how to draw a line in the sand
"It'S part of the new Stanislavski Go Green Method: 'Melt and BECOME The Fertilizer.
Well, he needs to go before the children get home.
I used to love summer.
Lawrence of Albany
He's really committed to pantomiming the California water crisis.
It's small, but rent-controlled
I think the altitude must have gotten to him.
Gary has trouble thinking outside of the box.
He's taking his Castaway audition a little too seriously.
He spent the winter in the Republican Echo Chamber.
He asked for water but we're out of sparkling.
Dad doesn't value enlightenment in his spiritual journeys as much as a short commute.
... And when his numbers dipped the brokerage firm banished him to the desert.
Maybe we're the mirage.
Should we tell him it's a mirage so he will leave?
He's just not thinking outside the box.
It's close to lunchtime and he's still not thinking out of the box....
I think Dad's been on the wagon too long.
We can't just leave him high and dry.
I heard he doesn't play nice.
He was a terrapin, yesterday.
The cat poop's not a mirage, either.
He knows Manhattan isn't a desert island, right?
This is EST for the new millennium.
It's annoying until the vultures land. Then it's awesome for 5 minutes.
He said we can't play until he's done acting out his 'urban food desert' fantasy.
I think, technically speaking, we are now supervising your dad.
He seems to be experiencing a Fata Morgana ... or applying for Survivor. I can't be sure.
My wading pool has a tiny island with one palm tree.
Does your uncle still have that pet vulture ?
I'm a winner people....winning this one too!
Now he's using the box we just have to work on the pants thing.
Are we just a mirage?
He said he just got a call to audition this evening for a New Yorker cartoon.
We built the city around him.
The science projects needed to get into a top tier STEM preschool these days......
The Corporate Litterbox
Meet my Dad, the actor. He's got an audition for a remake of Beau Geste.
That's going to be our first 4D painting
Heard.. He sleeps over his work
Unfortunately, this model of our hottest selling item, the virtual desert, did not come with its own Oasis.
Should we go on the swings instead?
Republicans keep looking for likable candidate in political litterbox
You'd think the smell alone would give away the fact that he's in a litter box.
It's a Fluxus performance art work my mother bought for me. I wanted a BMX bike, but she's been trying to push post-modern worldviews on me. Whatevs.
First the feral cats, now this.
NOT AGAIN, ANOTHER GROWN-UP PRACTICING FOR THOSE DUMB REALITY SHOWS.
Dad really needs a vacation!
I'm always confused. Performance or installation?
Microclimate change.
He claims it's a form of cognitive therapy called sand-boxing. We'll give him five more minutes then call his wife.
Poor guy has been on a timeout since the 70s.
Should I tell him I already found his nickel?
I heard a rumor that years ago parents let their kids play in a sandbox by themselves.
He's practicing for the desert marathon.
Uh, my dad goes a little overboard in the retelling of the Passover story.
If you count him we're seven short of a minyan.
It's Mr. Katz from 6B. He's a method actor.
How long do you think he has been trapped in there?
I guess it's better than cat poop.
He says it's more of an existential thirst.
This is the last time I'm cleaning dad's litterbox
He wanted to bum a skylight.
You really need to screen your playdates better.
Don't tell the cat.
We call him Martyr Man.
I guess he feels the "Bern".
I've lost my marbles!
I think I'll pass on the desert simulator
He's trying to develop "Virtual Desert" software but he's having difficulty getting the user interface right.
You'd think by now he would have found his car keys.
Wilson needs you in his office.
Lilly, I think I know what those dry nuggets were.
He says he lost a quarter there when he was five.
They're in rehearsals for "Lawrence of Astoria." He's playing the camel.
Well, this meme has jumped the shark.
He just doesn't have time for beach weekends since the promotion.
I collect Ron Mueck.
Looks like Mr. Johnson is trying to give up sugar again.
The new communal restrooms suck.
we don't want to be around when he finds that contact lens
That's an ecumenical matter.
Hypnotists shouldn't practice in the mirror.
Careful. He may not be a mirage.
This is much better than yoga mat.
Although it looked great in the catalog, Bob ultimately lived to regret purchasing an Endless Sandbox.
He's been here for 40 days and 40 nights.
And then El Lawrence came to the edge of the empty desert, took the elevator down to Apartment 11D, had a beer and took a nap.
Not an other conceptual artist!
He thinks the skyline is a mirage.
He thinks he's Gunga Din.
Should've thought outside the box.
Should we get him a juice box?
It's supposed to help you get used to living without a cell phone.
He is in training for the next "Sandman" competition.
I think Dave's misinterpreted "Feel The Bern."
Our homeroom teacher searches the sandbox every day for loose change.
Stress can change a man.
You got to crawl before you can walk!
When a Zen garden isn't so Zen
"He thinks that he is leaving handprints for the zombie hall of fame.
The number of lengths is impressive but the tumble turns are awesome.
He's in training for a reality show.
He says he's going to write a book about it
Mom said his therapist ought to be sued.
Despite his best efforts, Harold couldn't find his golf ball anywhere in the sand trap.
So that's adulthood.
But the co-op board rejected his application for an oasis mirage, though.
He doesn't look quite the same without the iron man suit.
Jeff's training for global warming.
The sands of time have caught up with old Barney
I know my dignity is up here somewhere.
Best not to mention the cat in there just before him.
And, this is our Primary Voting Simulation Module. Or, "Ishtar" for short.
There has to be a better way for Mr. Smith to prepare for the next season of Survivor.
He's still an outdoor dad.
He's getting worse. Asking us to call him "Moses". He's been up here for weeks.
Said he buried $100,000 in negotiable bonds.
Mr. Jenkins, Principal Morris said that he's sorry your wife kicked you out but you can't sleep in the sand box no more.
I told ya it wasn't a cat using our sandbox!
I liked it better when our teacher wasn't a performance artist.
I told you they had hot yoga for them.
It's evident that he can't think outside the box.
At least his pants are on.
Mom said if he doesn't go, we can't let him back inside.
Maybe it's true that the age of adulthood keeps going up.
That's why Mom only allows me an hour in there.
Is this one of those "see your future" moments?
must...find...sippy...cup
I think the oasis is on the next building.
doesn't he realize our sandbox is equal to how he views his man cave!
Fair's fair. He got here first.
It's the only place left in the city that is smoking friendly.
It's a section of the Urban Wasteland Trail.
He's adamant he ordered a small dessert, but that's the problem with predictive text
This is the IT Sandbox.
Finally, a shallow grave I can easily get out of
I call it "'Funk'-Shui".
He lost his keys downstairs, but there's more light up here.
The mirage is extra.
Dad never thinks outside the box.
When is adult sand over?
Ever feel like life's a desert and you're the mirage?
I completely understand. It was the best part of my life too.
Where are some buzzards when you need 'em?
In this experiment, I buried the subject's smart phone in the sand. He has not been able to check his texts or e-mails for almost 35 minutes now.
That guy needs to learn to drink outside the box
Every trader on the floor ultimately goes through it. Pour the bucket of water in his face and he'll snap out of it and the next trader in line will move in and experience his own moment of despondency.
Please turn on your magic beam, Mr. Sandman. Please.
Buddy, this ain't no sand dune you're in downtown Minneapolis.
More sustainable than a wave pool, but he's absolutely flattened after his workout.
He's been practicing for summertime in the Hamptons since February.
Worst. MeetUp. Ever.
He’s obviously going nowhere with the company.
He's a Method actor auditioning for a remake of "Beau Geste."
He would think more clearly outside the box.
He thinks he's wintering here.
Another method actor.
What does me hating cartoons have to do with breakfast?
I started with a castle, but I then realized that a performance piece would be more expressive of my deep existential yearning.
Great motivation to do all my homework.
Sometimes he thinks he's a cat.
We are evidently all part of an elaborate mirage.
Ok, when he goes down I'll cut his heart out and put it in your bucket.
Your son's really advanced for a 2 year old.
I guess I did tell him to play nice in the sand box for a week.
It's the Mayor's damned "Let the Homeless In Your Rooftop Sandbox" initiative.
I wish he'd go back to the StairMaster.
Dad! Can you practice your part for your theater group's play somewhere else?
Trust him, he knows a shortcut.
Let this be an accounting lesson to you. Long ago, he took a long lunch to see a matinee flick. It was Ishtar.
Isn't he a little old to be playing in the sandbox?
The Fed's been telegraphing again.
'You're the super: Fix the leak or get lost!' my mom said.
I cleaned the litter box yesterday!!
My Dad struggles with unstructured play time.
I guess if You hang around the Cat Litter Box long enough, You are going to end up using it.
Let's come back later. He looks like he doesn't play nice.
These are the people who have a masters degree?
Damn, chiropractor!
He doesn't like chocolate milk.
Summer's coming and the dead come with it.
Rooftop sandboxes are his Everest.
My dad is teaching me the downside of owning a cat.
Careful--don't upset the stray cliche.
Someone said they saw my innocence in here.
It's for my report on the California drought. I believe in hyperrealism.
Desert flashback.
This happens every time sees some article about poverty or homelessness. My psychiatrist says its is guilt manifestation brought on by acute affluenza.
He’s been like this since mom put a padlock on the liquor cabinet.
I told you we wouldn't be able to use the pail and shovel.
It's what's replacing lap pools in California.
Should we tell him the inflatable pool is a mirage?
Dad, you said in two years it would be our turn.
I guess he won't mind the stray cats use this sandbox as a kitty litter!
Mom said the quicksand will cure his delusions of being a Hollywood superstar right away.
Maybe we should come back when he's dead.
He never got over his five minutes of fame at Grauman's Chinese Theater.
Come on, use your words.
Do you think we'll have enough sand to bury him?
He thinks he is in LA at Grauman's Chinese Theater
Obviously, he is not from our school----look at his school uniform!
Poor kid, he lost a dime in there when he was three years old and he's been looking for it ever since.
Rent, I need rent!
Dad likes to make sure there's no gluten.
He said he doesn't drink city water.
Your dad looks very Picassoesque when he's hungover.
How long has your dad been preparing for Survivor?
I distinctly recall the realtor's promise to reserve Tuesdays for our unit!"
And I was worried about cats using this sand box.
We found him on the Capitol Lawn.
Do we live alone.
Mandatory survival training for the new corporate culture.
This always happen when he eats Tabbouleh
Why do adults always sweat the small stuff?
I'm sure he's just passing through.
The wavy line over his head means he smells bad.
I lost it in the sandbox dad. Not the litter box.
Hes in training for his trip to Los Angeles.
I blame myself. I asked Dad to read me some Camus at bedtime, and the next day he quit CrossFit and started calling this his infinity sandbox.
He books the same hour every week.
I’ve heard of quicksand, but never of slowsand.
It's the dreaded sandboxitus.
It's a dramatic reenactment of the day his student loans were paid off.
How fast can he find his keys in the litter box. Extra points if he doesn't use his hands
They say one day he came out here at recess and just never left.
His iPhone is not the only thing the cat buried in there.
It's Castaway, the sequel!
It's no use , he just can't think inside the box.
They say he still waits for his mother to call him home
"Go play outside and quit warping your mind." Yeah, right.
For once I'd like recess without the drama.
He's in therapy, trying to regain his childhood.
He said he's gonna audition for that remake of Beau Geste.
Daddy got a new treadmill.
.. and that's why we're glad we didn't grow up in the 60s.
I think he spent too much time on the teeter-totter
Mom said the Condo Board made him get rid of his camel.
Well, he tolerates the litter box, but I don't think he'll sit still for a Pine-Sol paint job.
Should we tell him we already found his car keys?
I told him to look for the needle in the HAYSTACK!
Let's just throw out the whole litter box.
Definitely some separation issues still exist
Well, he was here first.
They said it's called "the teenage years"
I think he's too old for the Kindergarten sandbox.
Maybe the cat will show Dad how to use the litter box.
he just needs to start drinking outside the box
Wall Street roof top
Are you sure you want to go back to thinking inside the box?
Eh, you think he wants to share?
Uuummm...Perhaps he would be better served if we discuss percieved vs real barriers.
Forget the pail and shovel, how quickly can we build a lemonade stand?
He's rehearsing; he got a part in the Lawrence of Arabia remake.
Oh him? He's in training for Survivor: New York...
I think they call it 'failure to launch'
My lunch money he doesn't find it.
The millennials have taken over the neighborhood.
I stand corrected, he really did mean desert sampler.
The marbles he lost can't be found.
1. Dad, you really should start going to meetings again. 2. You really wanna live with your mother in Arizona?
The minute he finds that there's no water hole, I'm outta here...
Mirage gigs aren't much of a resume builder, but at least I'm working in the biz.
Must be practicing for Survivor.
Dad, Mom said she renewed the sports channels so you don't have to play with us anymore.
Ya think he'll get out if we put the cat in with him?
Uh, sir. Sir! Sandbox rules require a shower before and after entrance.
Performance art my ass, I want the sandbox!
Why does he keep saying "oil futures"?
We just couldn't get him to think outside the box.
We're still not sure how this "species-neutral" bathroom is going to play out.
Can you please just go buy some new contact lenses, Dad?!!
I hope he buries it before he leaves.
He seems a bit lost.
Looking for Trump's international policy.
I'm going to need a bigger shovel.
I think we captured the realism.
Should we tell him that the drinking fountain is inside the school?
I don't know if he's hallucinating or if we are.
Crawling hours are between 8 and 10.
I think Mr Dobbs is reevaluating his chosen career path in teaching.
I don't want to stick around and meet whatever cat that came out of.
I tried helping him, but he said that any person of color in this neighborhood must be a mirage.
Dad's working to invent a gender neutral bathroom for cats.
He says he won't leave 'till he's found his inner child.
'It's my Dad, he can't think outside the box'
That was the biggest, pinkest cat ever. This is the guy Pay Pal's been missing.
He's a politician...he fell asleep and the cats buried him.
He's almost completely housebroken!
He is taking longer than his turn.
Just five mom minutes. Pleeeease.
The guy want go to the beach so bad, because he can saw it. So he still the sand of the kids
After seeing 'Lawrence of Arabia,' he was never quite the same.
Live from Manhattan, co-op owner locates key to board decisions
That's Morris Garfield he thinks he's a cat... How did you wind up getting stuck with litter box duty ?
Say, these new fitness trends are making him thirsty.
At first, I thought it was funny... but now I'm kind of starting to wonder if we only exist inside his mirage.
This has to be the worst 4 seconds of my life.
It's a struggle for him to think outside the box.
Desperate for a cigarette butt again. Let's go see-saw instead.
Poor guy. He must suffer from post traumatic sandbox disorder.
We have to wait for him to finish his business, then we can play in the sandbox.
Every time I complain about something, he reenacts what he had to do to get to school.
Maybe this desert would end if I changed my deserts.
The co-op board only allows Lost in the Desert play weekdays between 9am and 5pm.
This may take a while....he says his best marketing ideas come to him in form of a mirage.
He's been searching for his childhood for the last two hours.
We suspected a really big cat was using our box.
It would seem more like a day at the beach if we could wear our swimsuits.
Looks like he is going granular.
My father models for desert cartoons.
He said the treadmill lacked authenticity.
It doesn't look like much but I tell you we Green Screen the rest and we'll have another Lawrence of Arabia.
You can take the drunk out of the sand, but the vomit is another story.
Don't look now but I think the man who says he'll do anything is about to draw a line in the sand.
The Downside of Feeling the Bern
He's one camel short of an oasis.
I've always said that one man's mirage is just another man's déjà vu.
This is the closest he's gotten all week.
I like our 'day at the beach' fantasy better.
At least he buried it.
Apparently, when you're an adult you just feel lost everywhere.
It's an Infinity Sand Pit, set to replicate our current electoral process.
Mom says it's something to do with his spirit guide
There's not a lot of places in the city where you can re-enact Lawrence of Arabia.
Looks like Leo is trying to win another Oscar...
Dad, you know that this could make for a really embarrassing obituary.
Before this, it was spinning.
Lawrence of Manhattan.
It's not huge, but he only pays $3,000 a month for it.
He'll never use it. I mean, you can take a man outta the alley...but can you ever really take the alley outta a man?
It's called Deprivation Therapy. You never complain about your problems again.
He wants us to find our own sandbox.
I wonder if he knows it's an urban community cat box
Mom says we should get him an indoor litter box.
I bet that performance artist is going to use the sandbox for our entire recess.
He was in "Cats" for a loooong time
This sorta gives "Waiter - there's a fly in my soup" a whole new meaning.
He says his GPS is not working.
You know...You could get life for this.
I don't think this is what Ma meant when she told him to go pound sand
This might explain why we've had a substitute for Mr. Johnson this month !
Dad hasn't been a lot of fun since he got back from survival training.
I think he lost his mind
...Primal Sandbox Therapy. It's all the rage.
Not very 'Jungian' is it?
Dad, I'll buy you a new contact lens.
The deluxe edition of the Castaway Sandbox™ comes with a palm tree
Maybe we could build the zen garden around him.
He just keeps mumbling something about life being a real beach.
Why didn't his mother give him a sippy-cup?
He still digs his early years.
Hey Meghan, I think he is looking for his 'Panama papers'!
Frank prefers to work on his inner child alfresco.
If he wants water, he's going to have to think outside the box
You think that this regression therapy will work?!
Do you think he started at my age?
First word....sounds like.....Matt....hat....cat! Cat! Second word...on...
Watching this is still more entertaining than "Ishtar."
Adult lap time's over in five minutes.
He was a liberal arts major.
He can't go on. He must go on. He goes on.
He said he's looking for the promised land.
No, it's Mr. Ketchum who was adrift in the kiddie pool.
Bob needs to learn to drink outside the box.
This is not the beach... At least I'm wearing pants this time.
Water...Sparkling. Water.
Drama teachers......
Crawling for President.
Seriously, if you'd just clean it out more often, maybe I could find a spot to do my business.
He' testing his survival instincts.
I call not cleaning the litter box.
he keeps mumbling GPS, GPS.
Court is in recess.
I don't think he ever really got over the loss of "Wilson."
Looks like we may need to repurpose our pail and shovel.
He asked me how far Malibu was.
He insists that it is his sandbox
Next thing you know they will want our coloring books
It started when he sold a cartoon to The New Yorker.
Is this part of the team building exercise?
"Unscented," my ass.
He swears there's one grain that looks like Donald Trump.
He's looking for the rooftop oasis our realtor advertised.
He's the guy that's always losing his toys.
He's looking for a mud pie over easy. He once worked the grill.
We're the first building to have an 'endless desert'.
He's auditioning for the movie 'Sahara.'
Perhaps we're all a mirage.
He's audioning for reality TV.
I think he's training for "desert survivor."
Everything we'll ever need to know about life, we're learning from Crazy Mike.
How long do your dad's acid trips usually last?
For the last time, 'I don't know how to do anything else,' is NOT a defense.
He's not an out-of-the-box thinker.
I really hope we don't have to use this shovel and pail.
I hate winter, I need to feel the sand under my feet.
Should I tell Dad that I have his watch?
Remind me to learn how to navigate the city without a smartphone
I hate the way climate change has affected recess.
It's been almost an hour and he still can't find his phone.
Crikey, what a commute!
Would you think he's notice if we took some sand?
Tell me again why we volunteered to keep the sandbox clean.
"If we bury a Metro Card, maybe he'll move on to Coney Island".
Fluffy's method acting is really coming along.
Boy, performance art is taking over everything!
Hey dude, You're already out.
He came with the Sand
He said our turn would come after graduate school.
Wilson? Wilson? I know you're around here somewhere
That's what end-stage 'Sand Addiction' looks like.
Should we bring him a doctor or a camel?
He looks a little deserted
The 4th deployment to the Iraqi desert was the last straw for him
I think our organic art installation is ready for viewing.
In a moment of clarity, long since gone, he envisioned a mandala.
I saw this once on the nature channel.
I will sure be glad when his acting classes are over.
I wonder if his mom knows where he is?
This is the artist's latest performance entitled Election 2016.
I'd like to add you to my network on LinkedIn
Josh is a literalist. He says he's the true Burning Man.
ONE MAN'S SANDBOX IS ANOTHER MAN'S DESERT
He's must be hallucinating. What's an "Oasis"?
Must be from California.
I remember when I had my first beer
"Don't worry Tommy, nobody can see you now".
He really missed seeing the mirages.
He's been hogging the rooftop garden ever since his barista handed him espresso beans and told him they were the seeds of promotion.
Should we tell him about that urban oasis we found?
Should we just tell him where he left his wallet?
He's also been talking about going gluten free
He's our new drama teacher
At least this time he kept his clothes on.
This Living Art business is getting old.
Told you we should've built an oasis!
You filed a claim on your wedding ring?
He starred in the movie Cast Away and he can't seem to move on.
He washed up on the Upper East Side
Nope, never moves till the sun goes down.
He should have brought his own shovel and bucket.
Trump supporters.... They can't see beyond the wall.
I'd still vote for him.
Tell him to pound what?
Word is, he didn't graduate pre-school.
My parents bought him to remind me how blessed I am.
I don't think we have to worry about the cost of college.
Obviously a portal through time and space... got sunscreen?
It used to be harder to die in the desert...
Your dad is so 'method'.
I think he's trying to get to the wading pool.
Then dad said, 'But we don't even have a doghouse.'
He worked with Jackson Pollock.. He may be a while.
It's hard to believe he was ever a kid. Really, what the hell is wrong with grownups?
My dad says he didn't get into the right pre-K and it was all downhill from there.
This is now considered to be affordable housing
Okay Dad, climate change is real. I get it.
Stephen was vexed by the lack of water in his latest mirage.
Should we tell him this is not the little stretch of beach he's worked for all his life?
There's an app for that.
Pay attention kids it's called "Performance Art".
I knew he couldn't handle second graders.
The 'Lawrence of Arabia 2' budget was tight
Didn't we have a reservation?
Throw the water; this is our recess time
I heard about this in history class, there used to be beaches and he's the last beach bum.
So this is why they tell us to think outside the box!
He always takes so long to decide where to go.
Sorry, my dad is a method actor.
He said he'll get out at the oasis.
"It will be hard to prove if they can't find the scythe."...Grim Reaper cartoon 4/11/16 issue
He catastrophizes everything.
Hopefully one day he'll graduate Kindergarten.
If there's no Santa or Easter Bunny, I think he has to go, too.
Be sure to call as soon as you get there.
Back off! This is my stacation.
This must be Jones.
Last time he stayed in there for forty days.
My dad's nearsightedness has gotten a lot worse!
I don't think our sunscreen is working.
It's your turn to clean his litter box.
Unsure which public restrooms to use, straight males now opting for rooftop litter boxes. Story at 11.
I think he's a beach bum.
Ten years in a cubicle will do that.
I'm over the whole repurposing thing.
Stan falls prostrate after learning he's been voted off the island.
He's a loooong way from the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Therefore grind the gears of history. The vast struggle of the older generation becomes, almost as if it never happened, a laughable frivolity for the next generation. Plus, I took a huge grump in there lol.
Performance art pisses me off.
Just wait. Next week he's the new "office dog."
It must be performance art.
Our tar-beach yoga concept tester appears to be approaching a meltdown.
He hasn't been the same since Mom had him neutered.
That's Mr. Applebaum from 2044, he's bemused.
I think he calls it Sun Salutation.
Ever since he lost his GPS, he's been acting very strange.
It's named 'Lost Childhood', but honestly, I just don't get Performance Art.
I guess you have to do more than think outside the box.
The hard part was figuring out how to keep the sand moving.
How many more method acting classes does have Dad left?
I'm still going to vote for him.
That is why I will not wear contacts.
Don't worry, he gets out for an hour if we give him some beer money."
I'm getting tired of cleaning up after litterbugs. How 'bout you?
He comes here to reminisce.
Higby hasn't been quite right since we went to mouse-less, touch screens.
when mommy said he was a golddigger i thought she meant something else
We're only changing kitty litter.
This guy's been hogging the sandbox for way too long.
He definitely thinking inside the box.
Thought we were here to change kitty litter.
It is a masochist's way of sandbox play.
He won't let any of us play ever since his damned pacifier disappeared!
It's my first solo exhibition.
It takes a Sandbox!
Any desert is sprawling, if you remain stationary
Aren't these Foreign Legion flashbacks getting just a bit tiresome?
And this piece is called 'Matt on a Hot Tin Roof.' "
He said his car broke down on the fire escape.
You took him in, you do the scoop.
He says he's Lawrence of Astoria.
All right already, I'll build him an oasis tomorrow.
He's training to be a cartoon in The New Yorker.
I don't know what you've been feeding the cat, but we need to get to the vet as soon as possible.
Rosemud
Build a desert, and they will come.
That must be one expensive contact lens.
I call it the "Feel The Bern" mini. You sit in it to convince yourself you're not part of the 1%.
He mumbled something about losing his horse with no name.
It's cat scratch fever.
He's searching for the nearest Starbucks.
That's why I don't wear contact lenses.
He's a model for cartoonists.
Would he be offended if I asked him to be our scarecrow?
This is the third time this has happened this week.
Most days he's just my dad. Today he's my dad __and__ my science project.
His shrink told him he had to find his lost childhood !
Just our luck he's thinking inside the box1
I hope I don't grow up to be like that one day.
I didn't think food deserts had actual sand
Wait. Are we the mirage, or is he the mirage?
You don't think he'll actually eat us if we answer incorrectly, do you?" "No clue. But I do want to know what he's hiding in there.
No Dad, we asked you to impersonate Batman not Catman!
He's in recovery. Adult Alcoholics Who Act Like Children.
It's the amenities that makes this building so great.
He says he needs flavored Himalayan sparkling vitamin-enriched water.
These castaways keep clogging our tunnel to the buried treasure.
This is an example of why the scientists are wrong and global warming is a fallacy. Look how small our deserts have become.
Ironic, I always thought of this sandbox as an oasis.
Your dad sure is determined to find his inner child.
I think it's called a hands-on sand painting.
But what if it's not a metaphor?
He's a thirsting artist.
Only a miracle can save him without water soon
I'm not comfortable playing through.
I heard free range sandboxes are really trending among city dwellers.
Poor guy just can't think outside of the box...
He says he misses the DRY heat
The sad thing is, he thought he'd asked for dessert.
But if we're a mirage does that mean we don't get our juice boxes?
We call this 'the roof of repentance'. This is where people who fail Temple end up.
He's auditioning for 'Survivor: Lower East Side'.
Your in luck, an oasis is just over the horizon.
He's practicing for a New Yorker cartoon.
I thought grown-ups didn't start playing until nighttime.
He's having another sand trap flashback.
Mummy says that the only decent thing to do is clean its litter box twice daily. Apparently, it builds character.
Do you think we should tell him that the sandbox is not the Sahara?
He's always been prone to exaggeration.
My Dad did this once in our backyard sandbox. Now he lives at the Red Roof Inn near the airport.
I hope the mirage is worth it
The auditions for Shipwrecked 2 are the next sandbox over.
Something about his lost childhood!
My parents voted for the lap pool.
Wow, they finally upgraded from play sand to real sand.
The man is the mirage.
He just got a call-back for a remake of "Lawrence of Arabia."
And I call THIS installation, "Daddy Needs Another Drink."
My Mom says he has PTSD.
It's not the sand. It's the sandal he lost when he was a boy."
He's trying to adapt to global warming.
He hasn't been the same since Mom locked him out of the bathroom.
He's almost done. He's down to counting his last million grains of sand.
Your mirage has achieved consciousness.
Dan, this is not a sand trap, or....
Little Bill's sandbox in Hope
So the sandman is actually real. Go figure.
Unfortunately for us, his mirage is an endless pool.
Virtual reality.
It took forever to train him.
He refused the best offer for his property.
It's NOT a litter box!!
He really believes that play teaches a person how to work.
Three consecutive days of mom's tuna casserole and dad thinks he's a cat.
Least he's not yelling 'Wilson' like the last guy.
He rented this sandbox as an affordable alternative to the Burning Man Festival.
What are we supposed to learn? I don't know. Maybe one person's playful sandbox is another's deadly desert.
Can you tell your dad to stop reenacting 'Cast Away'?
Even though he wasn't married, they would send up a couple of interns every couple of hours to help Bill "find his wedding ring"
Maybe he's just rehearsing for an audition in Hot Cat in a Sand Box on a Tin Roof.
Maybe Mr. Phelps should stop teaching middle-school math.
"It's ten thousand steps for the locomotively challenged.
Is this some sort of warning?
I hope he makes it out soon.
Why don't we just bury him up to the neck.
I'm starting to think that our urban farm may not be worth the Instagram likes.
I think Uncle Moses is taking our genealogy project too seriously.
Henry's always on the prowl for water.
It's fun to play in the sandbox - just don't dig very deep!
He mumbled something about tar beach?
They say it gives a better workout than the endless lap pool.
Dad's trying a new kind of cleanse.
Maybe next time he'll think twice about taking someone's clearly labeled yogurt.
A rooftop pool-party sure looks different in the era of global warming.
He said something about "All day I've faced the barren waste".
Jason never did think outside the box.
Jeez, that math test really took a toll on him.
phone . . . phone . . .
This situation calls for thinking outside the box.
Did I say I was a vegan?
He has been searching in the sand for thirty years. He says its there but he's never found it.
be sure to cover it up when you're done.
He's practicing for his role in the new movie, "Sahara".
Try giving him your juice box.
Trust me, I do this all the time.
I heard, a neighborhood cat ate his wedding ring.
After being bit by a rabid cat, Joe finds the bathroom in his semi catatonic state.
The struggle is real…
I'm beginning to think we might be a mirage.
You can take the man out of the Gobi but you can't take the Gobi out of the man!
"Mr. Sandman... Bring me a dream!" Or, uh, nevermind, dude... Looks like you had a rough night.
I don't know what a flashback is, sir, but we're supposed to take turns.
One less Trump hat in the world.
Dad, can we go home now?
He's training for the Sahara. 4,799,999 laps to go.
With minimum hyperbole, I would describe it as a sand box for grown-ups with real sand!
He's hoping to reach an endless oasis.
I guess he's working up a thirst.
I found him in the alley. I named him Mr. Kitty.
It’s a microclimate thing.
There's a water fountain in the building.
The boss is extremely detail-oriented. Bob misspelled dessert on his lunch order.
and for a mere $5.2M, you can get this motorized infinity desert installed on your private deck.
No, you tell him his keys are in your bucket!
He's rehearsing for the Off Broadway production of "Lawrence of Arabia"
He's not nuts, just preparing for climate change.
He's auditioning for Cats next week.
So this is what happens when you think inside the box for too long?
Hurricane Sandy spared his sandbox.
Okay, cue the vultures.
Are you sure role reversal therapy with your cat really works?
He said something about liquidity drying up.
It all started with those adult coloring books.
It's punishment from his editor... he spelled "dessert" with only one "s."
Mr. Johnson works hard, and he plays hard.
Dad's feline-in-heat impression is very convincing.
Must be an urban sandman.
He never quite recovered after being voted off Sandplay Survivor.
Why does he seek an oasis when there are drinking fountains on every floor?
It looks like the Sandman is falling down on the job. I feel bad for all of those insomniacs.
I think he's lost... Yea, that's it, he's lost... If that's what you want to call it.
You do Stanislavski proud, but could we just move along?
"I'm not sure if he's considered part of the 'Desert Island' roof amenity.
I heard it took him threes days to accend the monkey bars
Conceptual Art
It's sad when you can't go forward.
marooned in a sandbox without a bucket and shovel
He stopped because he thinks that Pepsi billboard is a mirage.
Don't tell him he's NOT in the dessert. I heard he goes mental.
You set up the lemonade stand and I'll research price gouging.
He's in training for the Dubai Olympics.
My dad says this kind of thing happened frequently in the days before GPS.
Let's pack it in. This guy is hip to the fact that what he's seeing is an elaborate hallucination.
I hope he buries it when he's done. Wait here while I get a bigger shovel.
Rough day,dad ?
Poor fellow is All Shook Up over deleted Love Letters in the Sand
We need an adult in the sandbox like a fish needs a bicycle.
If he strikes oil we need to be ready.
Poor Jenkins, he always said Sandbox Therapy was a joke... until he lost his Blackberry in there.
I don't say anything anymore. It seems to give him purpose.
I heard he lost a contact there. Twenty years ago.
I'll never understand these newfangled exercise routines.
In a previous life he was Lawrence of Arabia.
Your dad really needs to get over the Netflix price increase.
Performance art is so over.
And here he is, 'Midway on our life's journey.'
His mom forgot to pack his juice box.
Somehow I thought lycanthropy would be cooler.
Mom says you can come back inside now.
Look what the Cat let out.
He says it's his sandbox and he'll crawl if he wants to.
Tony said when the last one awakens the giant within we can go to Chili's for happy hour
Method Acting 101
ever since they filled it with sand, he can't even get outside it
Should we tell him about the pool?
These pollsters are getting desperate.
These new treadmills are just amazing.
THIS GUY IS REALLY STUPID !
This is his Airbnb
That's what happens when you major in economics and environmental science.
I think this one wants us to irrigate with rum.
They built a wall around a Mexican instead.
He's been waiting for the desert to bloom...........................................................
I hate it when The Catman shows up...
You can get out of the city without really leaving the city, you know?
It's a humane interim step before he's actually fired.
He's from Southern California.
This two beat lateral gait performed by harness racing horses is known as the pace.
He's going to drink well tonight.
The last stage of the co-op board approval process, he's trying to buy 3A.
Shall we let our ramp building skills be known?
I hear he was dramatized at a Montessori school.
He's got to start thinking outside the box.
Poor guy. He's from Flint, Michigan.
Be patient--he's nearly there.
He always wanted his own private beach.
Just like this, Fluffy. See?
Post traumatic stress sandbox.
The cat takes less time.
Bob Green, reporting live from the Las Vegas Zen Garden competiton.
He's my latest shovel ready project.
Oh look a Californian
He's practicing for his move to southern California
Hey, could we be experiencing a mirage?
Grandpa keeps reliving his WW11 beach landing
Where's my sand bucket for my bucket list?
It is first on his bucket list.
Could be his verision of cat/cow.
I hope he takes showers.
In an existential sense, maybe we are merely part of his mirage.
Well I'm just surprised he hasn't peed in it yet!
I don't feel like playing this anymore.
Didn't I tell you it would be the finest artisanal near-death experience in Brooklyn?
That reminds me; we booked you in 'coach' to your meeting on Thursday.
I think it is a new dance, "The Sand-Box Trot
Great. It's the "Occupy Sandbox" movement.
He says he is following doctors orders.
Hey, Mister. You're in the wrong cartoon. This is our sandbox.
A job is a job no matter how hard or easy and no matter how dumb you look doing it.
My dad is Method.
He was here last week mumbling something about "Aqaba." My Dad said leave him alone. He's just another out of work method actor.
Camel lot
I hate to tell him we're a mirage.
I'm just saying... yesterday there were two guys and this one was a lot thinner.
It's his homework for "Mom's Phone Lost on Beach 101"
If he bothers you, just tell him you're a mirage.
He's been in timeout since August.
(boy in the back) Um, Sarah, what is that in the sandbox?
Well on the bright side, we're not seeing as much cat poop.
Honestly, I don't mind if dad thinks he's a cat. It's the clean-up I'm having a problem with.
...and we thought that we were players!
Interesting situation. I'll bet my shovel against your bucket that he doesn't make it.
I'll dig the grave, but no sharesies on the wallet.
If I dig the grave, no sharesies on the wallet.
We must be too young to get the reference.
I hope that's clumping.
I'm NOT cleaning that up.
He's obviously not thinking outside the box.
"I call it, Alien in Sandbox".
He's gotta think outside the box.
Boy, he sure looks different from his playdate.com profile.
That guy's inner child really needs a time out.
That's nothing. Smell it sometime after the cat's been there.
I'm gonna die in the desert.....
It's called, "Childhood".
He's a cross between Up on the Roof and Under the Boardwalk
There's my new dad.
We should've known adult coloring books would be a slippery slope for John...
It's sad, my dad flunked Survival 101.
Is he looking for his bucket and shovel or a bottle?
So this is the big idea behind these hot yoga classes, huh honey? "Well, they did say space was limited.
Believe me dad, right now I wish I was just a mirage.
He's clearly lost his marbles.
I have trouble with finding my keys, I accidently left them in the sanbox
He's channeling Lawrence of Arabia.
He keeps muttering something about his inner child.
He lost 27 pounds with the Stranded in the Desert regiment.
Just pretend he's the Stinx and build around him...
How do you think therapy got started?
I think he's about done.
It was a pile of rocks.
He's practicing for climate change.
Performance art, my ass. He's looking for the Xanax he dropped up here during our playdate yesterday.
This explains the dead horse in the lobby.
My daddy can't afford a lap pool.
Of all the sand pits in the world, he has to get lost in ours.
When I was Dorian Gray's age, I did that.
He's been there for three hours.
He was once a Republican front runner until Trump came along.
Is this the non-clumping section ?
His punishment is 10 hours in the sand box.
This guy will never make it to the corporate ladder.
Dad takes 'freeze tag' very seriously.
He was drunk. Switching his sunglasses and texting him where he was. Alas, Cruel but fun.
He is practicing for trans-Saharan marathon.
Must've missed juice time.
He's been lost in that sandbox a long time.
I hate method actors.
He's training for the Paris-Dakar Rally
Poppa, I'm going to ignore, for the moment, the pail, and the shovel, and the sandbox you apparently think is a wasteland, and just point out that you seem to have a sans serif 'S' floating over your head.
He prepped for 40 years, but the stuff never did hit the fan.
It's not the heat, it's the stupidity.
Your dad's vision quest seems short sighted.
Ah yes, the poor man's super hero... Sandman.
I'll find it, I dropped it in Egypt somewhere!
He said he needs to find his authentic self.
All we need to know we learn in kindergarten… but the sandbox seems to get much tougher later.
This is where dad comes to dry out.
Let's opt out of dealing with this.
He gets like this on LSD.
Once you've served in the French Foreign Legion, it's in your blood.
I think your pail of water might be worth big bucks!
Did you tell him we've found the shovel?
Okay, it's settled. You'll tell him he's in the wrong cartoon.
Do you ever have the feeling that adults have colonized childhood?
Marco!
It's O.K. Mom told him there was a bottle of Stoli buried in there.
Treadmill desks are for wimps.
It's like our sandbox has turned into a New Yorker cartoon.
I told you they were too big to have come from a cat.
How do you tell your dad he's not welcome in your sandbox?
Frankly, I am not impressed with the Mummy remake.
Where is my lovely camel....?
He'd better start thinking outside the box.
For your safe...
We need to start thinking outside the box.
It's been three days; he's not going to make it.
Somebody should tell him that Mike Love got the piano in his last lawsuit.
Dad's really into method acting right now.
I don'know. He came with the sand.
It’s a classic example - the right to survive versus our God-given right to play.
Dad's gotten a bit dramatic about UV lately.
Well, it's better than having cats.
Lost his contact.
Looks like hes willing to do whatever it takes to look good, Right babe?
Dad's been so weird since his Hawaii vacation got cancelled.
Is he a feces of the past
Go away, this is my bed!
I think I'll have another look at the Neverland option.
It's all about your point of view
It won't sell as well as an Endless Pool.
Didn't I tell you my dad is a prepper?
He doesn't know how to think out of the box.
I know rent in New York is high. But not that high.
It's a Sahara Syndrom Therapy.
Rumor around school is, poor fella's been wandering that sandbox for years.
My dad tends to overdo staycations.
New Yorker cartoon slash performance art ? Nah, the judges will hate it!
Just leave me here to die
In art class they did mention that the cubists suffered in a critical desert!
It looks like he never learned to think outside the box.
Last week he couldn't figure out how to get off the merry-go-round.
It's something called the Stanislavski Method.
Looks like he just crossed the Mojave desert.
He's koo koo for Kat poop!
I guess we harassed the substitute a little too hard.
We've been out-imaginationed by a grownup.
I hope you didn't take my buried treasure story seriously.
He's a Survivalist Fantasy Camper.
It's only spring.
No need to demonstrate, Daddy. We can figure it out ourselves.
No wonder my VR glasses were so cheap!
...and now I've just been watching him for the last twenty minutes. What have you been up to?
So this is what happens to those kids that don't stay in school.
So pretty much California.
Warm up for climate change.
This installation would look better at MoMA.
I really do not think that sending us back to experience childhood by playing in a sandbox in 100 degree Weather is sane methodology.
Let's hope he doesn't think he's a cat.
He must work for Halliburton.
I hate my life.
Act Two. Pigeon Man gets stuck on a desert island without a toy shovel and bucket.
Trump!
Dad? I thought I lost my retainer but it is actually right here in my mouth.
He lost his lunch money there long ago and just can't give it up.
It's lucky this is water-based paint.
This is our newest intern, Doug.
Do you think he's a late Bloomer?
I should not have played the pirates game... I lost my all money in the ground.
So, to braise it's flip first then steam or steam first then flip?
Thats one odd cat.
Gold Rush in 2016!!
How many times will he have to repeat 1st grade? He's scared the children away now!
Go get a bigger heat lamp. We've got a cold one, Martha
I think he's trying to get a second start in life.
Maybe we should build that fence.
I forgot to tell you that there's a time share on the sand box with the bar down the street.
Oh, you thought I said dessert?
We are standing on the roof of the sandbox museum trying to assess if the man in the sandbox is part of this exhibition or merely a casualty of a guided tour that had gone horribly wrong. Do you care to comment?
Give it a minute. it's slow-sand.
A poor, lonely man from the slums comes to town, starving. Without food or water for days, he hallucinates and thinks the sandbox is the beach and he crawls into it, seeking for water.
I think P.C. Vey needs to learn to draw a man in profile before he submits to the New Yorker's Caption Contest. I'm standing next to him and I can't figure it out.
I think he lost something.
It's just Desert Storm flashbacks
Did he just finally take his head out of the sand?" "Yes. He heard Bernie Sander's speech and it woke him up.
I think I lost my glasses", said old man. "What is this crazy man doing?" "Probably searching for hope.
...and that wraps our radio broadcast here at Augusta.
I can smell your cat from here!
Not excited about cleaning up after your new pet.
My dad says the Republican and Democratic conventions can't come soon enough.
He's rehearsing for a modeling job at the New Yorker
Are we going to play with our sand kit today? We have the shovel and bucket, but now I think someone's going to take a nap there.
You know what, Dave? I think you should consider therapy.
This is the iOS version, but I'm still debugging his code so he's sandboxed.
This is our studio sandbox, beautiful view of downtown, and a steal at 2400 a month with first and last plus HOA fee.
"He claims to have lost his keys in the crawlspace".
I call it "Man Or Mirage".
On Friday nights they use it as a rooftop nightclub.
My dad says that until health insurance deductibles go down we have to let the grownups go first. Sandbox stress relief is free.
Dad says we come from a desert people.
Hey, Dad, could you do your penance somewhere else?
I want some dirt of my own in the city.
Grown-ups are so overdramatic.
Where exactly did you say you dropped it?
Never one to think outside the box.
I'm told they didn't give out participation trophies in his day.
He said he lost his keys in there but I think he's lost his marbles
He lost his rubber ducky in there 25 years ago today
Look away, honey, it's a mirage.
It's a shame we couldn't afford the "scoop free" brand.
He's in training for the first pub crawl of the summer.
Yes, Virginia, there is a Sandman.
He doesn't realize that the Boston Red Sox have actually won three World Series since 1918.
Think he'll die soon?
Rough night for the sandman.
Near, but not quite right for the Beau Geste role
Don't even bother. He insists it's all a mirage
Ted, that's the New York way to Grand Old Path (Note: please the first letter of each word in the phrase "Grand Old Path" in bold print)
If he doesn't dry out this time, mom says to bury him.
Life's never perfect. There's always some little hitch.
They call this a paid vacation?
It's part of our building's new Tired Cartoon Trope-themed playground.
Are you certain you paid your taxes?
Be patient. He's been in there for three days now without water and soon will be a goner. Then we can have the sandbox all to ourselves.
Pop takes his cartoon modeling career seriously.
When it gets warmer Mom says we'll take him to the beach.
The city's cutbacks on statuary is really starting to show.
Is that supposed to motivate me?
You're never too old...
Is this what a midlife crisis looks like?
Oh-Oh, Daddy thinks he's a cat again.
Dad, mom says you can come back to bed tonight.
Grownup cartoons are so stupid.
There must be a grain of truth in here.
His regression therapy is really starting to work.
I don't understand grown-up exercise fads.
Betcha his favorite song is: "If I could tun back time"
Every time Mr. Smith ties one on, gets dehydrated and thinks he's in the desert.
I hope I can build the oasis before it gets dark. And cold. Really cold.
He also failed "Rithmetic".
its one of those "lost in the desert treadmills".. same workout, same dehydration but small and in your own home,
We should probably find the hypnotist's number.
I wonder if big data did that to him?
Ok mister. It is our turn to train for immigrating to Mexico if Trump becomes president.
Apparently he can't even think in the box.
Greg's new feline lifestyle is really getting gross
Man this desert is so vast I can't find the other side.
Mom wont let him join the French Foreign Legion.
I guess that's why the Sandman prefers to come at night...
Uncle Ben lost his contact. He's been searching for it for hours.
Girl: "What is this man doing in our sandbox?" Boy: "Hey buddy, hit the road" Man: "I was just looking for some gold" Boy: "You're not going to find any here man" Man: "Maybe I should just go ask my boss for my job back"
My dad's humor is quite dry.
Maybe it's a mirage.
Where is it? I can't find it? Where did my hope go?
This is the latest thing since waterboarding: we make them believe they are in the desert with NO water. We call it waterhoarding.
Hold on kids, Mr. Trump promised me there would be gold everywhere when he became president.
Hey you said you wanted to do community service
Do you think he knows that it is just our sandbox?
Oh no this does not look like it's gonna end well
He's searching for his childhood.
He likes to role play, he thinks he's a cat in a sand box.
I heard him saying "No man is an island".
Looks like tom missed the memo
And here we have the modern day stay-at-home dad.
So this is what you meant when you said beach day...
I am in a sandbox
Are those mom's ashes?
A grown-up's playground: A (concrete) Sand B(l)ox
Looks like its time for another intervention.
I guess no man really is an island
I get that he thinks he's in front of Grauman's Chinese. I just don't get Clark Gable.
Last time, I lured him out with a Martini.
I hope he's not like OUR cat!
It's the new stand up desk.
It's sort of like a resistence pool for people who like the desert....
He said he needs to prepare for 'Survivor.'
Dad, can we have the sandbox back now?
Mother says not to take to strangers, but I really want to play in the sandbox.
He's been looking for his keys for years.
Sorry Sis, I asked Dad to play with us.
He gave up plastic water bottles a long time ago.
I call it 'Training for Death Valley Marathon.'
I know where Mom hid his cigarettes, but I'm not tellin'.
We're ready,,turn on the mirage.
He is training for the new crossover show "Survivor in the City".
His therapist told him to locate his inner child.
I was once a good student, then I took an arrow to the knee.
I don't want to grow up, besides, I like it here.
They assured me,, he'd thrive in humane captivity.
There is nothing in the sandbox, and no man needs nothing
Only one desert treadmill, and he's always hogging it.
We may have to start playing outside the box.
I think he's taking this Power Animal thing too far
Retired sandhog I'll bet
I hear that they rejected his application to be on "Survivor". He hasn't been the same since.
Welcome to our last episode of "Sandbox"survivor!
It's the French Foreign Legion outpost in Manhattan.
Yes, it is a mirage.
Honest, we'll let you know if we find your inner child, sir.
You people wouldn't understand, it's art.
This is what tv shows are really like when zoomed out.
Well Barbra he's got held back long enough.
This is not a litter box!
Let's give him our pail and shovel and see what happens.
I heard that the E.D. of the B.O.D. of our H.O.A. has P.T.S.D.
Wasn't he going the other way yesterday?
He's training for 'Survivor'.
He looks like he needs a juice box.
He's training to be in the New Yorker.
Thank goodness he's finally litter-trained
Burying your head in our sandbox won't make Trump disappear!
It must be a case of arrested development.
So much for the family staycation.
I swear I saw him come up here with his wife too.
You just never know what the tide might bring.
New York's latest fitness craze: SandStraggle
You still think the class should adopt a hermit crab?
He was a child left behind.
He works hard. And he plays hard.
Now, downward facing dog for unresolved constipation.
This is a really complicated mirage.
...and politicians keep saying "global warming is not real"!
Looks like you were right - this could be a good place for a lemonade stand.
At least it's not another story about "walking in the snow... up hill... both ways."
His Coney Island childhood; so near, yet so far.
Should we tell him we're not mirage or go play Xbox instead?
On the bright side, at least he doesn't think he's a cat.
Some where in here is my contact lens!
And if he survives, the co-op board runs a credit check.
And here we have the performance art piece "All my assets were in Lehman stock"
If we wait around long enough we're going to hear, 'Water, water, everywhere, but not a drop to drink.'
He always has to look for pennies before he lets you play
Looks like we need to find another mobile hotspot soon.
Poor Uncle Joe--he can't think inside or outside the box.
Teacher said it's PTSD, Post-Traumatic Sandbox Disorder.
Heads or tails?
He was there when the sand was delivered.
Dad's having another Lost in the Desert Cartoon Syndrome episode. Just wait it out.
He never should have tried to cross without a juice box.
I think he said my caption might save him.
I now see why the treadmill sandbox was cheaper than the treadmill pool.
He says he's lost.
Says he lost his phone. Can't get out without GPS.
THIS time I mixed in Krazy Glue!
Wow, stamina isn't what it used to be!
Yes, I know he could walk on water but my father says the key to life is low expectations so I have to be happy with him crawling on sand...
He calls it his sad box.
Oh, uh... Did you want to play here?
Tom Hanks he ain't.
Should we tell him it's a litter box and that we weren't digging for gold?
Proving yet again,'if you build it, he will come.'
Well, they didn't specify who would come if we built it.
Should we tell him that this is all just a mirage?
Just another cartoonist workshopping ideas, and pretty hackneyed ones at that.
Virtual desert...
It's New York. If he can make it here, he can make it anywhere.
Still bet we won't be able to keep it. No way dressing up that ostrich in Dad's clothes is going to fool Mom.
I hope he gets rescued soon, recess is almost over.
It's gone from an urban jungle to an urban desert around here.
What's the Fata Morgana here - the man in the sand or New York?
Uncover your pail ... He's calling for water.
Legally, if he plays a few more hours we can claim him as a dependent.
He'd rather die than give us a turn.
Better him than the cat.
you know Sniffers, our cat who died??? I think he came back as your dad...
concrete is fun now
No, that's not a mirage. It's an actual coffee shop with WiFi and a public bathroom.
It's my dad's new immersive Passover seder experience
Crawling is not enough! Our true God is going to have to WALK!
It's temporary. We're building him a little desert island.
You know these "method" actors. He heard there were to have auditions for the "Laurence of Arabia" prequel.
My teacher said the deserts in Tokyo are even smaller.
He smokes Camels.
Daddy, are you that sure Tabby ate Mommy's diamond ring?
I'm sure I saw that guy on page 32.
It's my Dad. He thinks he's a cat.
sometimes its hard to help someone who's miserable that you just have to watch them from afar
Looks like the same guy we saw on the desolate island
He's been stranded up here since morning.
He keeps muttering...'cigarettes'.
I told you we shouldn't legalize marijuana.
And I thought Dad had run off with our coloring books.
Don't worry. A 'meow moment' always rejuvenates him.
Looks like Dad took it on the chin one too many times
Sally don't go in there! Someone has filled it with the Sands of Time!
Should we bring the water cooler to him?
It's Steve Coll looking for his next story.
I knew he should have brought the compass.
I think it's time we dig him out of his rut.
How long WERE you in timeout?
So your Dad is showing us how he played in the sand where he grew up?
I DON"T THINK OUR SON IS READY FOR COLLEGE!
I guess it's true...when you grow up you forget how to play.
Lacking powers of observation, Bob searches in vain for his bucket and spade.
Wait until he gets to the cliffs.
I'll never make it out of this desert alive unless I find my contacts!
They call it the "dry" endless pool.
Looks to me like it's too late for repatterning.
He should die soon, then we can play.
That's why we take GPS.
Are you sure this is the way to China?
You know there is no coming back when they mistake the sandbox for the litter box.
Are you sure you heard correctly, plays well with others?
These extreme sports are not for me.
I'm afraid this is what my brother referred to as "stage 3 adulthood"
It is so sad to see what happens when a Millennial loses his phone.
Why aren't there any sand boxes without mirages anymore?
He used to develop drought resistant seeds for Monsanto, now he's just insane and in my way.
Leave it to Daryl to take it next level.
My mom says this is what’s called “imaginative play.” My dad is acting out his search for meaning.
It's not a sandbox. It's a roof top desert.
I lost my denture here.
You oughta see what he does in the jacuzzi.
VRBO promised him beach access.
He only drinks outside the box
Dad likes really, really dry martinis.
He'll leave when he only finds our cat's buried treasure.
I knew he could be catty, but I didn't think he took it so seriously . . .
Just buy a new contact lens already!
Daddy's still working on a caption.
maybe he's going to audition for a desert movie...or something
Did your Dad watch Survivor again last night?
Is this our future?
When he told me he was a sand hog, I assumed he meant professionally!
Looks like Ron's still on his spiritual journey.
Playing in the sandbox as an adult is no fun!
Not so much fun, is it, dad?
He's testing Zeno's paradox - we'll never get in.
The co-op is promoting urban beaches.
He ordered the executive sandbox just before he received his pink slip.
He never did learn to play well in the sandbox.
Help--I've misplaced my dignity.
So much for the government's $10 million dessert survival test!
And here we see the non-native Californian...
Whew!!That was close! We could have been stranded in there, too!
One of these years he is sure to pass Sandbox 101.
He's had narcissism issues since childhood.
Mrs. Freeley buried his Scotch again.
he's the show runner for Survivor
"He always forgets his pail and shovel." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
It's hard to know if he's method acting or trying to qualify for the Darwin Awards...
Go get a couple of bottles of water, I sense profit.
I hope this isn't the same Sandman who Mommy says comes to my room every night.
Don't worry, he is just practicing for his job-hunt next week.
When he was our age he used to walk five miles to school too.
And you can add that Mark needs more than a haircut. He'll soon have a butt-crack problem!
"I've seen this scene a hundred times, but never in our desert".
Adults. They just can't think outside the sandbox.
Every time I think outside the box, I end up in trouble.
It's his way of showing empathy for our relatives in California
He still refuses to think outside our box
My Dad's been watching "the Good, the Bad and the Ugly" again.
It looks like he wants to sand on his own.
the second childhood is never as good the first
He says he's on the road to Morocco.
I'm not so sure about this ad campaign.
I wanna play with him, but if he's been here that long there's no way that sand is dry.
After adult coloring books, sandboxes were the next logical step.
Dad gets like this every time mom talks about moving to a warmer climate.
I think he's been in time-out long enough.
He said he was trying to stop drinking
Eistein was right. We ran so fast for our bucket and spade that Tommy has gotten really, really old.
He won't get far on foot.
Maybe if we add water he'll think he's at the beach.
I told dad we could not have a play date today.
Geez! The big kids get here first and grab all the space!
I think we need more cement to bury him.
I guess he doesn't know when The Sand Bar closes.
Of course I'd love it if he'd leave our sandbox, but right now our main concern should be the camel he had with him last week.
It's Daniel Day-Lewis preparing for a new role.
I don't need to explore my inner child that bad.
He's inspired me to rethink the medium.
Wall Street gave him $25 million to disrupt the sandbox industry.
He has trouble seeing the big picture.
Maybe he'll leave if we tell him there's a water cooler in the lobby.
dads training for the death valley marathon
Did he lose his contact lenses?" "Nah- just the primaries.
I must have made a wrong turn somewhere!
We used to use lab rats, but when you consider the upkeep costs, it's really cheaper to employ minimum wage workers for our studies.
Great, Dad's trying out for "Survivor" again...
A man can die in the desert.
Apparently, we didn't bury him deep enough.
Now just a few pyramids and our Giza will be complete.
This beach is bring-your-own-water
Manhattan mirage syndrome.
Don't you think dad's gone a little too far to prove his point about global warming?
should we help dad find his contact lens?
I hope he's not pretending to be a cat.
It was only a friendship ring.
Did your dad lose his contact? Yeah, with reality.
Even after all these years, it's still his favorite place to play.
OMG. It was only a quarter.
He appears to be a half-empty kind of guy.
I told him we buried $3 in change.
Good thing we removed the cat turds.
Our two scents? Let him dig his own hole without any point.
I don't have the heart to tell Daniel Day Lewis the shoot has wrapped.
So much for a little cat urine.
How do we think him out of the box?
I thought the Sandman only came at night
We really need a gated sandbox.
Let him have his moment. Apparently, his son was denied admission to the preschool here.
After just one performance, Dan's interpretive production of, "Man on a Hot Tin Roof", closed with horrible reviews.
Without consequences sales goals are meaningless.
Yes, and I thirst for kingdom.
Dad read Proust last night.
Why, thank you! It took all day and $50 to complete; I call it "A Realist's Surrealist's Life in the Age of Global Warming".
I think he needs unstructured play more than us.
I think he's practicing for a cartoon.
He’s definitely testing our noblesse oblige.
Puberty is a bitch, man.
I just can't get him to think outside the box.
He must have drank the Trump kool-aid.
Can your Dad please take his Ishtar fantasies elsewhere?
This is how we punish when you short change our little coffee club.
Seems much more effective than a lap pool.
Should we give him some water?
If we give him water we’re enablers.
They don't make maps the way they used to.....
I"ve recaptured my youth.
Daniel Day-Lewis is up for a role in the "Garfield" reboot.
His pants keep a nice crease.
Promoted to executive sandbox, when the CFO learns to play nicely, we'll give him the pail and shovel.
Not again! It's the New Yorker cartoonist who lives downstairs.
Johnson never could think outside the box.
I'm not sure what his intentions are but I think I heard a meow.
I thought he was taking us out for a little dessert.
Adell and I feel its play time.......maybe you can do more of your desert island fantasying tomorrow.
Ever since obstacle course racing became popular adults have been invading our play spaces.
Oh the indignity of being held back
Who's gonna tell him we're here to clean the litterbox?
Daddy calls it urban sprawl.
Hey dad, welcome to our world.
Hey, it's his own fault. He should have bought in when the sandbox went co-op in the 70s.
Field trip chaperones imaginary escape routes ...
Somebody listed it on Airbnb under eco-tourism.
According to the Child's Guide to the DSM-5 and my Mom, sandboxes are not for those with vivid imaginations.
He's worse than a Has Been. He's a Never Was.
He's practicing for the homeless olympics...
Either we're the mirage or he's nuts. I prefer that latter.
He said he lost his mind in the sandbox when he was five.
My dads been watching global warming preparedness videos on YouTube.
I'm starting to think we're just a part of his imagination.
Apparently, his ship was sunk by Captain Morgan and he's been stranded here since Friday.
It rhymes with 'sand castle.'
We can have it in 5 minutes - he's only booked the endless desert till 4.
When I invented the infinity sandbox I didn't expect it to work THIS well.
Oh no, Dad's thinking outside the box again.
My dad's practicing for global-warming.
He says he's training for the Sahara Marathon.
Did you see the size of that cat!!!
Did I mention that my dad is a hypochondriac?
I wish he would go back to California so we could get our sandbox back.
When he finds water, should we tell him about the cat?
The cat's not going to be happy.
He is on the final leg of the X Games relays.
A Chinese collector wants to buy it for thirty million.
I guess we're just a really good mirage.
Over Dramatic Jim missed happy hour.
He's a sand hog.
It's my dad's idea of "disruptive play" - he thinks pretending to survive will be the next mindless digging.
Maybe we should stop now...before it's too late.
Dad has become such a drama queen since the divorce. I'm sure he misses our other dad.
Miss Miller says he's a performance artist from Arts in the Schools.
This is some new regression therapy, Mother.
What's he talking about, there is no body of water.
Do ya think he's been wormed?
He's sure to win on style points alone
Yesterday he mumbled something about palm trees on the next building.
It's getting to the point where he's finally convinced me there's something rotting in Denmark.
I hate to tell him but the Mirage is in Vegas.
He's thinking inside the box
He's up for a part in the Lawrence of Arabia remake.
I just can't get used to "living sculpture", but I'm glad this one is plein aire.
He's never liked the beach and from time to time has to remind himself why he didn't buy a place in the Hamptons.
I hope that he does not think it is a litterbox!
They call him'The Human Cigarette'.
He voted Trump.
They're calling it post narcotics stress disorder.
...solves the cat problem.
At least he left his shirt on this time.
His GPS is down.
Somebody - get this man a juice box!
I guess he couldn't sand his 9 to 5 anymore
Remember, opening Cat Box Enterprises was your idea.
I hope he doesn't think he's a cat again.
Show him the oasis.
Mikey hid Principal Billing's Pall Malls again.
He's been playing in there for a long time.
Though I'm usually against animal testing, I think we should have a cat test the kitty litter.
There but for the grace of God.
I hate Zeno.
He's prepping for the Army desert Survival Course training.
I just want to feel like a kid again.
There used to be three ghosts. Daddy calls it a mirage a blah.
He has not been the same after his rescue.
How long is this guy's recess?
Mom says it's method acting.
Is he homeless or going to the beach?
He's searching for his lost youth.
Don't fall for it. He just wants your juice box.
If you can survive in the big city, you can survive anywhere.
Darn, he hasn't really made much progress since yesterday.
Ah, yes, Oculus Paralysis.
I wish to make my mark, so don't stare!
Method actor.
He claims to have tenure.
10 years later and he's still looking for Wilson.
Pathetic! It's his way of getting out of shaving on Sunday morning.
My dad is such a drama queen.
He lost his ring at the beach, but this was closer
If daddy doesn't find his contact lens we'll never get to play in the sand.
He should think outside the box.
Preparing for the desert marathon.
It's that stupid Foreign Legion diet.
Mama says some things just shouldn't be scooped out.
I should have rented a camel.
That is the saddest sand sculpture I've ever seen.
Maybe another hour. Two, tops.
Smelly Cat is back.
Not everyone is cured by sandbox therapy.
That's a good kitty; you can do it.
The industrial revolution and its consequences, Linda.
I'd have waited till sundown.
That's odd. He generally uses a metal detector.
Those baby boomers never grow up
How long do you think he's been stranded on that island?
I hate to tell him, there's no sand-crawling event in the olympics this time.
It's a lap pool for desert trekkers.
Dude!? This is our beach.
He looks to be having trouble thinking outside the sandbox
Maybe he's the Sandman...
Tight focus...don'the pan out.
I just hope I outgrow this quicker than he has.
He has it flown in from Anguilla, each grain triple carbon-filtered for purity and then infused with hints of fecal matter from the Hudson River.
It's how New Yorkers prepare to visit the desert.
He played first base for the '86 Mets.
My Dad's new job is modeling for cartoonists.
When we waste water like we do in America, this is what it begins to look like.
This is a great place to be if a flood comes.
Adults these days...
"I call it "The Pursuit of Happiness"'.
Did you bring the sanitizer?
He is so cool at Zumba sand dancing.
'The Thirst Artist' just doesn't have the same ring to it.
Now, tell me this isn't more fun that a roof garden.
He's on a pace to break his personal best.
He's training for the race against climate change.
Good thing I brought a shovel.
Do you want to tell him it's kitty litter or should I?
Our consulting services can help you and your company think outside the box.
After arguably too much deliberation, I do feel that he should skip a grade.
I wish he'd practice groveling somewhere else.
He's got to start thinking outside the sandbox.
I hope that is clumping litter.
Do you think if we brought a bottle of water he'd leave?
Sorry no bathroom in this unit, but it does come with a rooftop litter box.
That's just my dad. He's always said he'd like to get a small place on the high desert.
Forty years later and he still hasn't come in from recess. Legendary.
He still thinks that oil is selling for $100 a barrel.
That's Lawrence of Suburbia.
He is absolutely unable to think outside the box.
This new "flex time" vacation policy really stinks.
And right at five o,clock he gets up and goes home. Then we get to play.
This is beyond a virtual sandbox joke, Marge.
Sorry kids, looking for my contacts.
He tries to be a good dad, but it's all a mirage.
His password was 1234.
Hold your nose, Doris. Catman's just about to show off his superpower.
He's not ready for prime time.
It's the stage of withdrawal where he starts looking for old butts in anything that resembles an ashtray.
Drat, he's no further than he was yesterday.
Well my father's nervous breakdown is off the charts compared to yours.
I guess we won't need the bucket and shovel, as it's obvious he's just trying to leave his full body imprints in the times of sand.
He always refuses to ask directions!
Now lets see how he reacts to a bucket of dry ice
I hired him to keep the cats out.
And when he's done playing stranded on the desert island, he goes down to the trash room and plays post-apocalyptic scavenger.
Mom calls him Flashback Floyd.
It's rehab after surviving weeks in the Gobi Desert.
I guess the sandbox treadmill wasn't such a great idea after all.
The artisanal sand make the experience so much more authentic.
Left my charger at home.
My mom says it's the cheapest Zumba in town!
I told him to cross at night, but did he listen?
He always has to be so dramatic.
After he has a few--He comes up here and puts his handprints in his Hollywood Boulevard Walk of game.
Shhh! He thinks it is a mirage.
I think Principal Turtletaub is desperately seeking the true meaning of Common Core.
Dad, mom just texted me, "Did your father remember to crawl by Whole Foods for more coconut water?"
Preparing for the apocalypse is a very personal thing.
Liquidity.... Liquidity....
He is just re-building his character
Adulting.
Do any of your friends have quicksand?
Looks like sandboxing the app might not be keeping all the viruses out.
He's been in there for days trying to "think outside the box."
Someone tell him it's wet cement, not sand.
Don't say anything about the "Hamilton" tickets we found here yesterday.
His parents just got divorced.
I left Google so I wouldn't have to play nice.
Can't explore the Gobi on a teacher's pay, dude!
A few more hours and he'll be ready to drink water from Flint, Michigan.
Here, Arnie, this might help you find your lost youth.
It's our turn, Dad. You've been playing California all week.
He says it's either this, or read all those stupid cartoon caption entries again this week.
The delegate selection process is rigged.
Either we ride him like a pony, or our playdate is ruined.
Okay, now he's copying my cat.
Do you think he'll ever get tired of playing lost in the desert?
Cable Hogue's great grandson
That Bum's in Monstro's Litter Box again...
I wouldn't follow him in there - he thinks he's a cat!
Yet another "Desert Survival - The Series" trainee cutting into our sandbox time.
He thinks he's a camel who has lost his hump and can't get over it.
I just changed my mind about wanting to grow up.
Day 3 of "I'll do anything to be on TV Reality show." Dave is struggling but is committed to winning a glass of water for best sandcastle before the sun goes down.
He's been doing laps all morning.
Tell him he's better off thinking outside the box.
I hope he finds him. He was a very nice little boy.
He says he's trying to overcome a traumatic kindergarten sandbox incident.
Actually, Eric, before Moms and Dads went with Madoff, we used to vacation in Palm Beach
James' reenactment of Exodus was particularly intense this year.
I don't care if he spit out a hairball, I am not scooping out his poop.
Oh my gosh. Who threw away this big gum? I'm sticking on it.
Why I'm in a desert!?
We go around and around. I say it's our turn....he says he lost a contact lens in 1997.
He's a sand sculptor and just finishing up his latest masterpiece . He calls it "Desert Floor".
Your delusion is encroaching on our recess.
He's determined to shed his winter weight by Friday
The GPS chip in his shoulder "Money's tight. Mom went with a GPS chip in lieu of another therapist.
In Trump's Tower, it's set up so's we all get four-square meals a day.
From youth, he chose to see the world in a grain of sand. From then on, we added more, so he could see worlds.
In tonight's episode of "Survivor: Law Firms," the contestants start losing their minds after working another 70-hour week.
I'll give him another three hours to find an oasis.
"This is his tenth life".
Now he's wondering when this mirage will end...
"He hasn't gotten over being the first one kicked off the island on SURVIVOR".
Rod Stewart looks like hell these days.
I think the teacher is ready for spring break.
Please tell me that this is just another mirage.
Apparently he's preparing for the next season of Survivor
Stanley's inner child plays inside the box
I'm not sure the art world is ready for sand pontillism just yet
He's disoriented and hallucinating. Just think, that'll be us when we're teenagers.
I mean, where else would you get this?
He said it reminds him of parenting....
This is my dad, he's in training for another cartoon.
I like to call it the poor man's painted desert.
Yea Well....Nobody's Dad is perfect!
It's been like this ever since the method acting school moved next door.
Common Core eventually gets to all the teachers.
Your dad's pretty complex.
It's called "Lost in the Urban Desert".
Mirage space is at a premium.
If we want the it back, ask mom for a pitcher of margaritas.
He was in the French Foreign Legion. This reminds him of when he was young.
When he's done doing the cat thing, we'' ll give him the pail and shovel.
I just don't think he is capable of thinking outside the box.
I say we wait him out.
He's a leftover from 90's beach volleyball
Method acting obviously!! Prepping for the eventual Lawrence of Arabia Part II
Twenty miles and still no Gatorade...
He collects old rattles.
Ted Cruz is really struggling in New York.
It looks like Dad confused his medical medication with the catnip again.
With the marathon only a week away, the sand training became particularly rigorous.
I heard you can't graduate from daycare without first thinking outside the box.
He appeared in so many "New Yorker" cartoons, he has to do this every day at high noon.
My dad needs a Search and Rescue party.
He's myopic: the world is his desert.
Is there an app for that?
My Dad got into performance art after his fourth month of unemployment.
I outgrew mine years ago.
He's practicing for the extreme desert crawl sport.
Maybe he'll get the idea if we switch to another brand of litter.
The movie was better.
He looks crazy, but he's willing to buy the mineral rights
Last night's fundraiser must have been a rager.
Just a few more minutes wait.... His time is about to expire.
He was going to drill before the market collapsed.
Well, at least it's not a cat.
He insists on calling it a hot yoga studio.
He couldn't afford the endless lap swimming pool.
He just can't dig himself out!
I told him to go play in his own sandbox. He's heading there.
Think mom will want him to take a bath tonight
He never really came back from the Sahara.
He aced the wading pool, Sandra, but the sandbox is throwing him for a loop.
You think this really is an episode on SURVIVOR?
Man says to kids: "What ever happened to that so-called sea level rise?"
Corporate burnout. Way too many hours playing well in the sandbox.
He's forgotten how to think inside the box
When he said he didn't want quicksand he didn't know what he was in for.
I hate it when performance artists find our sandbox.
They made him leave his camel in the lobby.
I told them not to remove the water fountain.
Cat's got his tongue
On the bright side, burying him will be rather easy.
When mom puts him out, dad prefers the cat's box to the dog's house.
Now I see why they always tell us to think outside the box.
Adults take things way too seriously.
He's been in time out since 1983.
Dad's unlocking his creativity again...guess we'll have to play video games."
Would you believe he's still on the wait list for Exeter
He is boxed in!
Should I tell him to play in his own sandbox?
So lap pools are out?
He needs to learn to think outside the sandbox.
It's that third-grader, Abramovic's, father.
Mom's a dog person. Dad's a cat man.
Like he's the only one in need of play therapy?
I'm not sure the endless desert sandbox is dad's best exercise idea
Finally, this litter box looks to be the right size.
I think our Crossing the Border Simulation will be sure to speak to Trump supporters.
Looks like the 'crawling through the desert' desk may not be the next step in the evolution of the treadmill desk after all.
I guess this sandbox is only for the 1%
They say he's lost his marbles.
I guess swimming pools are passe' now.
This is why you should stretch yourself and play in others sandboxes
His reach always exceeds his grasp.
Everyday it's the same -- and we pay the price for their overconfidence
That's my little Johnny. He convinced there's a treasure buried in there.
He needs a new therapist.
You were right. No shoes allowed.
We should teach him to think out of the box...
Dude, I know your dad's upset but, three days looking for a contact lens is just ridonculous!
Teacher says my art project 'lacks empathy.'
... just can't get dad to think outside the box.
I forget. Is a mirage just a construct or is it for real?
Darn! The desert prophet qualified for rent control!
I tried telling him to think outside the box.
Rooftop sandboxes aren't as much fun as they sound.
he is practicing for his trip to the Death Valley
it feels like i've been out here for months
Yeah, my dad is trying out for the new 'Survivor' Sahara
We finally got the cats to stop using it, and now this!
Sez he's a U.S. agent struggling with the Middle East crisis.
Marty reenacts his epic journey across the Sahara Dessert, accomplished years earlier.
Be careful, Jimmy. The concrete sandbox will destroy your youth.
Sandbox games are all the rage nowadays.
"I don't care WHAT his Rabbi taught him - I don't think he can keep this up for 40 years".
He believes he's still on that deserted island.
He's trying to channel his inner Robinson Crusoe
I don't get it, my lawyer said it would safe on Panamanian soil
I know the building's pet-friendly, but I thought there was a weight limit!
Marbles!
It's always about him.
I don,t suppose he is bringing me a dream
We have to think outside the box
He's paid to check for needles.
Dad's a Leo, trapped in his formative years.
It's pathetic watching them search for their lost youth
He went gluten-free three hours ago.
Friday, 4:59pm.
He'll make it.
He wants to know how much further to Cleveland,says he's a delegate.
Hey Mister. It's our turn.
Lemonade Stand Phase One: Complete.
I've already suggested that he think outside the box.
Does Marina Abramovic know about me yet?
In this sandbox, you tough it out.
I told you that after adult coloring books we would get adult sandboxes.
Last week this was a desert island.
I feel like burying my head right here.
Wait for the laugh. It's really quicksand.
He's been like this ever since Lawrence of Arabia.
We should tell him the nearest oasis is over on 79th street.
It's okay. He's just having "one of those days".
It's not as good as his Stranded Man on a Desert Island, but it's good.
I liked it better when the cats used it.
Amenities don't include pool or beach but we do have sand and free use of the shovel.
Leave it to a grown-up to take all the fun out of my Endless Sandbox.
He's practicing for that stupid audition again.
Method acting school on the third floor. You'll get used to it.
I hope he makes it.
I'm not throwing away my shot
Do you really believe he is working on his start for the Saharan Half-Marathon?
He's channeling his inner Brian Wilson
Now do you understand why the co-op board banned him from the pool?
Okay maybe we should tell him where his keys are.
If his hallucinations don't include a finish line, he's apt to be there the rest of the day.
if things go as planned , that's where I hope to be in thirty years
Should I tell him there's a Starbucks across the street?
They need to stop showing Lawrence of Arabia on movie night
He won't leave until we bring him Evian.
I plan on graduating to the playground at the end of this year.
What's the spread?
He's lost perspective.
He's a great teacher - but he does get these cartoon cliche flashbacks.
They say it might have a virus.
He dropped his 'Vote for Trump' pin in there 2 weeks ago?
It's his annual Passover reenactment.
Oh, that's just the new gym teacher. He practices his survival skills everyday.
The Co-Op Board wouldn't let us have a cat.
Mom won't let you keep him unless he is house-trained.
The water just got delivered, Dad. Can we have our turn?
In fact, it's a skylight. Just a few more seconds now.
Late walkers are naturally smarter.
Yeah, grownups call it "role" playing.
Don't you hate open house night at school.
Needle in a haystack. Contact lens in a sandbox. Same thing,
He needs a small palm tree to make it more realistic.
GO! GO! You're almost there!
Do you think he appreciates that we built him a mirage?
Having a method actor as a stay-at-home dad creates some novel play opportunities.
Sweet Jesus, let it just be a furball this time.
If you haven't found your identity yet, maybe someone else would like a turn.
Incentives make filming within the city a great deal.
Is Aunt Rita still single?
He says he's playing something called 'Escape from ISIS,' and as soon as he reaches the oasis, it's our turn.
I thought the pool would be finished by now.
Grownups need to play act rather than play.
It's the best I could do with limited space.
This is what happens when you can't think outside the box.
This is Manhattan, kids. I pay $4,000 a month extra to play in this sandbox.
With any luck, once the mirage goes bust he'll meander back to the elevator.
this exhibit is called'Lone Survivor'. It was here when the museum opened.
Maybe I gave him the wrong directions.
I love live art. What should we call it? The Stinx?
I've heard of an open world sandbox game but this is ridiculous.
Remember when you asked me to explain a 'hot mess'?
Hey, pal, you're not the only person going through a mid-life crisis.
He's a mirage chaser.
Looks like we got the pick of the litter box again.
"I guess he hasn't found it yet".
Thus my Zenophobia.
This is a tough act to follow.
You think he'll want to borrow our pale and shovel?
Should we move the kiddie pool closer?
He's having a hard time finding his inner child.
cut! He's got the Part
On rainy days he gets very confused.
He's really got to learn to delegate.
Either its regressive therapy or Pop has gone lo oney tunes!
Your dad needs to make already; I'm late for my accordion lesson.
He thinks he is Lawrence of Exurbia.
OK, you tell the poor devil it's the cat box."
I want the cat back.
" Your Dad needs to drink outside of the box"!
I know my "sand dollar" is here somewhere.
This new Mirage Diet is killing our sandbox time.
Classic existential Tom Wolfe sans Peter Pan.
Do you ever think that maybe WE are the mirage?
No, he can't leave the box. He's Republican - born without a future tense.
The rule is: Adults Only - after 9PM.
"It seems your Pop has fallen off the proverbial wagon".
He does 30 ,minutes of this then 30 of cardio.
I'm just happy my name's not Wilson.
This isn't the kind of adult playground I had in mind.
Yeah, but by New York standards, it's immense.
Do you want to see the pyramids?
Ya,he thinks he's cat woman and has to go to the bathroom.
Martha, I don't think this is what Trump meant when he said, "Just buy a bunch of sand and put a wall around it."
He's new to software development.
The judge's sentence -- that this repeat offender wallow in cat litter for an entire week for refusing to pick up his dog's poop yet again -- has had quite a deterrent effect in the neighborhood.
Will you think outside of the box already?
My dad binge-watched "Survivor" then this happened.
He's just waiting for rain to make the perfect sandcastle.
Hey! look. Field Engineer's demonstrating.
Too much sun. Now, he thinks he's a dog.
He has a reservation but I think his time is almost up.
Maybe he'll let us bury him.
Lawrence of Suburbia.
The chlorine in the lap pool was giving him a rash.
I still think it could have been a very romantic proposal.
Sadly, due to budget cuts, they drained the kiddie pool and made it a sandbox.
He says it's organic and gluten-free.
Mr. Albee, what is it you're trying to tell us?
So that's what it looks like when you eat kitty litter.
He told me that when I got to be his age I'd want to revert to my childhood too.
Dad thinks he may have lost his inner child somewhere around here.
Renting our sand box was a great idea.
We are piping in the ocean sounds.
I think the cat's got his tongue.
He is looking for lost Delegates.
I get the feeling it may be too hot to play in the sandbox today.
It's the improv comedian from 2B. Whatever you do, don't shout 'cat.'
He said it's our turn just as soon as he gets past the dancing porpoises.
Sandy, snap out of it!
Well, it looks like hot yoga has run over again.
If he takes much longer we'll never get our turn!"
He keeps on saying “kiddie pool, kiddie pool”.
HE'LL GET OUT WHEN HE SEES HIS MIRAGE
Universal Pre-K
Should we take him to the drinking fountain?
His Fit Bit is up to 33.
This piece demonstrates how playtime has become a nightmare and should be banned from schools forever.
So, can't he, like, find a desert to play in?
He said something about doing the last thing on his bucket list.
He says he will stay there until he finds a honest politician!
Should we say something?
Apparently we're some kind of mirage.
And what will he do once he discovers his inner cat?
He lost it again.
I say he's a mirage.
He doesn't smell well with others.
No play today Simon... It's the newest rage in "Castaway" therapy...
George never assessed a situation properly.
My Dad's not unemployed - he's left the workforce.
I heard he went a whole block without hydrating.
Cat man, don't!
Jeez, another urban doomsday prepper. Global warming can't come soon enough for me.
First Mrs. Billingsley's cat, now this. We need a rake.
He's training for his salary negotiation meeting.
We should probably stop letting Mitsy poop in there.
Littering: the punishment fits the crime.
I know we're "cat" people. Just remind me how this is helping the homeless.
Searching for inner child
My dad can't think outside the box.
Like many Baby Boomers, he decided to downsize.
We're going to call the child abuses 800 number. This is our sand box.
I think the new watering regulations are overly harsh
At least it's not the cat
The dog house was bad enough!
Dad always goes to the worst case scenario.
Geez. Somebody tell dad he doesn't need to demo the sandbox.
Enough already! Let's tell him about Uber.
My mom told me it's called 'Performance Art'.
Should we just give him his shovel and move on?
I think he just realized it's a litter box.
I've seen this before. Don't worry - the vultures will take care of it.
I wish he would practice his Bikram-Crossfit somewhere else
He'll never make it.
I'm not sure the human litter box idea will ever catch on.
It's a Human Resource motivational exercise.
Dump "Tower
He's training for the Marathon des Sables
When's dad gonna let us play?
He sure doesn't play well in the sand box.
'Method acting' aside, it's our turn, Mister.
Dr. Klein's sandplgy therapy can be quite intense.
Want to color instead?
Let's get the hose.
It's good to see my dad finally getting better after the divorce.
Suddenly, the boys decided not to share their toys.
He thinks it's the same as walking on hot coals.
Your Dad knows it's just a penny, right?
there's till five more minutes 'til Kiddy time
Dad believes he's invented the bikram yoga version of the endless lap pool.
It may be your installation art, but it's our sandbox.
The litter box was full an hour ago, before young Maplethorpe took on the challenge.
My dad is working on a new kind of hot yoga.
This, my friends demonstrates the down-side of negative thinking. He believes the desert has no end and that it is hopeless to proceed.
Oh, so you think we should call it "Marriage"? Funny. I think we should call it "I'm Having an Affair with Your Brother."
They say you get the best HIIT workout if you alternate 10 high intensity shovel and bucket reps with 5 of the sand crawls.
I prefer to refer to our study as a thirst for knowledge.
Thinking outside the box has never been his strong point.
Sandbox nothin'. It's a shelter for New York's homeless, donated by Saudi Arabia.
He didn't learn it in kindergarten.
We're preparing a campaign for the next bail out.
...at least it's a dry heat...
We're trying to litter box train him.
Always with the drama when he misplaces his water bottle.
Maybe I don't want to be a teacher when I grow up.
We can't, HR told me that's ageism
Water? Are you kidding? We should build a wall.
It's Uncle Biff's day two on the wagon.
He is planning to audition for the "Lawrence of Arabia' remake.
I this is where playing in the sandbox gets us, I say let's move on to the slide.
My lunch money says he doesn't make it.
You have to admire the preparation Day-Lewis puts into a role.
I'm not so sure about these new public restrooms...
Betcha his Fitbit is confused.
You will start out here--as a part of training, we ask every employee to spend one week thinking inside the box.
He's been hired to star in the remake of Ishtar.
I've never seen anybody flunk Sandbox that many times. I got it on the first try! [Italicize that]
He's our rescue, he was found hopeless and despondent in a sand trap.
You want to tell him he's in a sandbox?
He's training for the Great Sahara Crossing Race
Hasn't your dad done eminent domain cases?
"Dad, your Evian is just downstairs in the car".
Garden mirage
My mom says it's a new thing dad is trying out: gritty, hungover yoga.
He's a struggling cartoonist.
Throw in your bucket, let's see if he kicks it.
Says he's a performance artist and a Cubs fan.
He's a true believer in global warming and he's practicing for it.
Forget the play date, this looks serious.
Real estate in this city has always been bad, but this is unbelievable.
In an effort to retain top talent, many companies are now offering sandboxes in their break areas. They are a big hit with hipsters facing midlife crises, who take solace and find inspiration while reliving childhood memories.
He's training for the Saharathon.
Learn to think outside the box or you'll end up like me.
It's the sand version of an Endless Pool
I wonder how he'll dig himself out of this one.
he is known for thinking outside the box....
He still misses Gilligan's Island.
I was sure we had this sandbox reserved.
I call dibbs on next.
Yeah, that's the guy, Neddy Merrill, the swimmer. I told him swimming home was a bad idea.
I hope this isn't going to be like when that cat was living here.
He missed my lecture on Thinking Outside The Box...
Scrap the castle. I guess we're building an oasis.
He said it's called 'mooncrawling.'
Don't worry, we just have to wait until he figures out we're part of his hallucination.
Believing in climate change sometimes means playing in the sandbox alone.
Just wait until you see this in winter
Bear Grylls, he is not.
He says he needs a drink? I don't think so.
Another homesick tourist from Scottsdale.
I hope he's not doing what I think he's doing.
He comes here to relive his greatest accomplishment.
Just shout "There's a parking space at Trader Joe's!" and the sandbox is ours.
Dad, can you stop surviving, so we can play?
His hypnotist told him he was a cat.
Well - looks like at least one child was left behind.
These 'team-building' exercises just keep getting weirder.
I hope we're not his mirage.
He invented the sandbox that cats avoid.
Mom took the beach house in the divorce
It's a minimum wage job nowadays.
We call this exhibit Moses for the 21st Century...His followers are in the sandbox on the next block.
I'd lend a hand BUT he looks Syrian.
I don't know about this "stay in school" thing. Or maybe this is "higher education"
Art is so strange these days.
Hell of a mirage.
'Hey - you're ruining the feng shui."
Dad always said "It's a jungle out there"
After a spaceship tractor-beamed him into a rooftop sandbox, Mr. Plotnik asks for help to unearth his skepticism.
Dad's in training for the next 'Survivor'.
Never forget your first resolution
Mom says he's an artist.
The man has a vision for his own sand castle.
Mr. Moore—still testing his Law.
We had to limit intern hazing this year.
Yesterday he brought a palm tree and threw bottles off the roof.
He'll be out soon. He thinks the oasis is just over the the next hill.
Life after Guantanamo...
Dad takes his telling of the Passover story very seriously.
This is corporate's sandbox.
I'll go get the lemonade stand.
He keeps mumbling about the long campaign.
So, his world really is his sandbox?
He says the last thing he can remember is a cat trying to cover him up.
They never stopped testing him.
...And this is our advanced scratch and sniff program.
He's training for the ironman, again.
Would you just pick a spot and go, so I can back to coloring!?!
The poor guy sees a mirage.
Do you want to be like him when you grow up?
Clearly, we all need to practice our "out of the box" thinking skills.
He stays there until I say,'Good Job"
I'm reserving this sandbox for my daughter's play date.
Aw great, Dad's been watching Bear Grylls again.
Well, are you going to give him water or just stand there?
It's been his turn since 1997.
The Guggenheim passed this up?
A bit derivative of Damien Hirst if you ask me.
I told them putting a litter box out for public use was a bad idea!
I wish he'd start thinking outside the box.
He's still convinced that all he really needs to know he learned in kindergarten.
Maybe he is the Bernie Sanders my dad talks about ,and it's his pit now.
Actually watching paint dry is a lot more interesting.
Thought he'd be outside the box by now.
Dad, I found my shovel last week.
I guess the wall might work.
Thinking back, he may have ordered a small *dessert*.
Well I'm pretty sure it's not Brian Wilson.
It could be worse, last week we had four beach bums to compete with.
Remember Donald, you get to fire him AFTER he completes his punishment.
Dad wanted to bring his Death Valley vacation hoe to New York City.
Promise me you won’t let me become him.
Apparentley, Mr. Feebler lost a bet with my dad.
I preferred it when the only thing that caused us alarm was the orange tabby.
I think it's called a mid-life crisis.
So.. What's taking so long?
The Metropolitan Vacation Simulator: experience the getaway you will never have.
Hey Mister, don't worry, help is only five floors way.
He's determined to find the contact lens he lost.
I hope that is a mirage
Looks like he is training for ISIS. You paint a jail around him and I'll call Donald Trump.
He still believe the old legend: Where is sand there is camel".
Performance Art Gallery Goes to Great Lengths to Grow Audience Base
This was so much easier when we just had a cat.
Business yoga.
He looks a little old to play in the sandbox.
I'm not sure what he is doing here. He is part of the evening swingers group.
It's the latest fitness craze from L.A.: They call it the Global Warming Workout.
40 days later, a dedicated method actor continues in preparation for his new role as Moses.....
He's searching for lost youth. Or maybe a contact lens.
Some kids like to play "house." Mark likes to play "Shawshank Redemption."
By a stroke of luck, he got here first.
My mother does it too, they call it "sand box yoga."
I'm starting to think you're right. Let's get on the swings.
My genie swears he will never find the extra 's'.
Spieth really had a hard time on twelve.
I am so telling his mom.
So, that's why the pigeons are circling.
Maybe we should set up the lemonade stand again.
This is my Herb garden .
My dad's second childhood is really ruining my first.
He's been acting strange lately; He thinks that we're all part of a mirage.
Why does your dad keeps saying, ‘Vacation, vacation’?
I wish I had his stamina.
Yippee!" "This is what I called recess for my lunch hour!
He's OK with sharing. Whatever you do, don't offer him anything to drink.
Grownups are so weird! He keeps mumbling, "Oymandias...where the hell are you?"
Wouldn't he prefer to tread water?
I hope he doesn't think this is a litter box!
It must be a mirage. I see New York City.
I call him "Lawrence of Astoria."
Dad's been training for his upcoming appearance on SURVIVOR--SAHARA.
He has we can use it, right after he gets by Zeno's paradox.
So I guess we really are just someone's mirage.
I don't have the heart to tell him that's the buildings' litter box
He keeps singing that he's from a town called 'Margaritaville' and he's looking for his salt shaker. Some woman with tattoos lost it.
Do you think we should offer him a Perrier?
It's a micro-climate.
That was before "No Child Left Behind"
I wonder if he knows that's a litter box?
He's a till a minute.
Show me a hotter, grittier performance artist working today.
Looks like we may get to bury someone today!
It's not as disturbing as Yoko Ono's "Cut Piece" but does make you think."
He is auditioning for the Lawrence of Tribeca movie.
You'll see why we brought the pail and spade in a minute. He thinks he's a cat.
Mom says he's preparing for global warming.
I think it's time we tell him we found his contact lens.
He's really got to start thinking out of the box!
Yep, once we put in the cat litter, he was good to go.
Kindergarten PTSD, really it's a thing!
Don't worry, Dad's just feelin' the Bern.
When do you think Dad will be done trying to find his childhood?
He must have lost his volleyball again.
He is here until he learns to play well with others!
I would crawl across a sandbox with no water for you too.
wine...wine...
I thought if I brought your father back to his childhood, he could better relate to your concerns. I guess he went back too far.
Geez, Billy's dad's gotta learn to think outside the box.
I don't know...mom says he's trying to find himself.
Talk about a first world problem.
The short answer is 'peyote.'
I just adult-proofed the sandbox, but the big kid still gets in.
Why can't he just see a shrink like Mom?
Father was not kidding when he said we were moving to a building he considered an "oasis" right in the heart of Manhattan.
He invested in the seed bank when he thought he was seeding an investment bank.
It's still more fun than the endless pool.
Okay, your dad’s convinced me, an Endless Swimming Pool would be way more fun than our Endless Sandbox.
Did you hear that party last night?
After school I'll change his liter.
This spade is too small.
Let's tell him that just around the corner's an oasis.
I gave him a “B”; he doesn’t play well with others but can take the heat.
I thought the sandbox was password protected.
He's here every day rehearsing for that survivor show.
Incentives make filming within the city a good deal.
Maybe it's time to rethink your stance on quitting.
Thanks dad - that's a great story of that time when your car broke down in the desert.
I think he lost more than his contact lens.
He's the method actor in 12a.
It's the new Bikram
It's NCSD. No Childhood Sandbox Disorder.
Should we tell your Dad he's not a cat & that isn't the litter box?
Gene and Nicky watched skeptically as their neighbor, an out-of-work actor, showed them how to "really play".
The sand may be level now, but it doesn't stretch far enough.
I call it Zeno's Sandbox Paradox.
That's what we have to look forward to. You never escape middle school.
Do you think we have taken his years of sand box therapy to it's obvious conclusion?
Let's cut him some slack. He's probably just retired.
If he dies can I bury him?
I heard you were never supposed to wake up a Sleep Crawler.
Being a kid isn't all fun and games, dad.
Poor guy. Must've lost his adult coloring book.
So, do we get involved or just find somewhere else to play?
Another parent lost without his cell phone
I think it's too early to say whether he'll play well with others.
That's Sandy. He's made a lot of progress since yesterday.
Dad looks dry, must be time for happy hour.
You should see him at the beach.
Dad does tend to be over dramatic
Adults ruin everything.
We get it Mr. Humphrey, you're in a job desert, now can we have recess?
This is why I'm not a fan of hot yoga.
It's the latest CPA gone gaga over figuring out the government's new tax forms. Pity, a nice guy, too.
He came with the desert sand.
This 'all life's a stage' phase is getting old.
He said that he spent the happiest years of his life in this place and he wants to be buried here.
I know this trick; hog the sandbox when societal pressures seem insurmountable.
This exhibit is called "Wall Street's American Dream".
Here's why Occupy Sandbox failed. No movement.
He's practicing for Grauman's Chinese Theater in the event he gets the killer role.
It's true! Without his phone he really is lost!
Dude, your dad needs more screen time.
It's not a fire hydrant, it's an urban cactus.
Once he finally gets a passing grade in sandbox engineering, MIT will accept him.
Same guy at the kiddie pool yesterday - I can't begin to tell you...
Up until this discovery, we thought that Millennials were extinct.
He's bringing attention to the water shortage.
DSM-5. Early childhood sandbox deprivation.
He's looking for his raison d etre.
He's taking all the fun out of it for me.
We need to rethink our "castle "performance piece.
“ ‘Revisit your childhood’ his therapist told him days ago but he won’t come back.
I told dad to take the camel.
When do We Get to Play in The Sandbox Dad?
Bikram recess.
Cartoonists' model-in-training.
Let's play Vulture.
Epater le bourgeois.
I guess burying Dad's bottles in the sandbox completely backfired huh?
I think it's too late for him to have a happy childhood.
Oh we must be early, he’s usually only here until the bar next door opens
Is this his 'dry sense of humor'?
Mom told Dad to quit using the cat’s litter box or he would just have to go outside.
He's got an audition for the New Yorker tomorrow.
Let's try adult coloring books instead.
Shall we tell him about the drinking fountain?
He has illusions of granular.
Perhaps you should fill you pail with water.
Don't you listen to him, Dan, he's a devil not a man.
Time's up, Lawrence of Analysis.
Mom says his crabby mood will end soon, and he’ll come crawling back to her.
I guess you didn't tell him that our lap pool has a beach.
He thinks he sees an affordable two-bedroom, but it's only a mirage.
your new cat is your old dad
He's training for the 4800K.
A complete misunderstanding of exfoliate.
He's one of the biggest players on Wall Street.
He's training for the Sahara Marathon.
You said your Dad's a method actor?
I hate to tell him the oasis is the other way.
I call it 'Soul of Wall Street.'
Is he seeing a mirage or are we?
It's a pity that some kids just never grow up.
Word on the street is he's been bounced from every other box in town.
His favorite film is "The English Patient"
Researching how long it takes for someone to know they are being scammed.
They say he was exiled from the 2nd grade back in '84, been roaming this wasteland ever since.
He was sure that jungle gym was just a mirage.
He identifies as catwoman , she legally can use this as a litter box .
It just wasn't in the budget to get the entire cartoon, much less the caption.
He was an extra in "Cats"
We know, Dad, we know. You had to trek 20 miles across desert sands to get to school everyday..
It's been difficult to attract voluteers for our climate-change simulation.
Another crazed Barbra Streisand fan
Is it time to change his sand?
He never should have relied on his GPS
He's trying to appreciate what he has.
He's looking for cat "calling cards." What' a calling card?
He's up for the lead in a remake of Lawrence of Arabia.
Our other amenity is a resistance pool.
I agree, Millie, not finding the plastic shovel and rake is the least if his problems.
In his most difficult challenge yet, David Blaine goes thirty days without his smart phone.
Let it go, Dad—it’s just a quarter.
He must be looking for his pail and shovel
Let's play outside the box today.
Day 16: I'm not going home without that wedding ring.
Are you sure you asked Dad for a front loader not a freeloader?
He needs to learn how to play better in the sandbox
Should we tell him we're not part of a mirage?
Ok, he's almost ready, let's set up the lemonade stand.
Mom said that he fell off his wagon .
He was bad and used water-cooler water for his plant.
Oh dear... he's doing his Lawrence of Arabia impersonation again.
He spent 3 months shipwrecked and now we can't get him to leave.
I thought we were the ones with the vivid imagination?
His first choice was a lap pool.
So much for his hypothesis that it was easier than a haystack.
Today, South Carolina, tomorrow......
Try stinking outside the box, mister!
It's so irritating that he is totally unaware that we have the sand box reserved from 3pm to 4pm every Thursday.
Go get the snake again.
Budget imposed desert training.
Tell Mom that this one doesn't pass the sand box stress test.
He's calling it the Crusoe diet.
He thinks he is now ready to run for President.
He just doesn't grasp the concept of manscaping.
It's a game my dad and I play. We call it "The Climate Denier".
He has trouble thinking outside of the box!
Man, that kid's turn is taking forever!
It's called a "Man Box."
Are you near deadline yet, Mr. Mankoff?
I'll bet unemployed Archaeologist.
My dad's been using it to train for "Survivor."
He's searching for a grain of truth.
That's Mr. Winters, our fourth grade irony counselor.
This is the not the solution to the ultimate problem that this building needs another bathroom.
I call it 'Adulthood.'
He still can't think outside the box.
Dad says he's in training for a later cartoon involving a mirage of some kind.
The starving sand artist is back.
I'll go back for the rake --in case it thinks it's a litter box
He says he's looking for a contact lens, but I think it's his misspent youth.
I hope he's not a cat person!
He'll never find water thinking inside the box.
Viewers should know that this sand was flown in directly from the Sahara Desert and that Tom is a trained professional. Do not try this at home.
Wait, I thought the cat had it on Thursdays.
Let's update his GPS.
You would think 'Exclusive Roof Rights' would exclude that
I told you, dear, weren't not ready for the extreme city beach experience.
The Sandbox Crawlathon is a really stupid idea.
He's in a DESert and this is my desSERT. It's a 'homophone'...which isn't what you think!
My Dad doesn't believe Mom really got rid of that stray cat.
Lessons in urban sustainability at the new elementary charter school
I would say this man has belief issues.
See, I told you thinking inside the box gets you nowhere.
Maybe it wasn't cat poop we found yesterday.
I love my Pop. He always checks for cat poop first.
It's a dry run for his trip to the Sahara!
He still has 10 more years of wandering before it's our turn.
I wish these drunks would check under sofa cushions for spare change.
He's completely disoriented without his pail and shovel.
He says it's method acting prep on a budget
Dad, there's water in the lobby
Yeah, I reserved the box but I think this guy knows somebody.
Dad volunteered for the global warming.display
He is really messing up date night!
I don't want to hold the shovel.
How come when we stared at the cute girl in the hot tub she got right out?
He's found a 'road less traveled.' .
At least he's box-trained...
We never had to worry about someone crawling through our sandbox when we lived in the burbs.
Dad started doing this when Mom get a job offer in Chicago.
That's why I decided against contact lenses.
He is unleashing his inner child because Mommy wouldn't let him have a bulldozer.
Just another old guy trying to navigate the social media of a younger generation.
Only 36 more hours and my dad will break the Guinness record for sandbox crawling.
It's dry schadenfreude
It's our dutyduty: bury the smell, even if it means sacrificing the sand box.
"This bloke again?" "Yep, it's Dean, he used to be an expat in Dubai".
He doesn't look ready for the herculean task of digging to China.
I wish he'd go back to his Google playpen and leave our sandbox alone.
I don't want a pet cat anymore.
I wish my dad would get over his play-with-your-kid phase.
The executive training program really teaches them to conserve resources.
This takes street life and Performance Art to a whole new level.
He won't leave without a caption.
He's been over at "The Oasis," hanging out with Mirage.
Remember when they used smiley faces to encourage us?
I thought the new diet craze was supposed to be 'dessert first'.
He's an embarrassment to the Boy Scouts.
He lost it here as a child...
He's been like this since Mom cancelled Netflix.
He's getting in shape for his trip to Death Valley.
Ed looks ready to dig through our annual report.
Let’s wait; he’s almost there.
And I thought I had issues.
We need to get him to Sandbox Anonymous. Fast.
Mom's right, we need a cover for this thing.
Do an NYU study they said. It'll be fun they said.
They told me to try to think inside the box.
Let it go... he says he is searching for truth
I'm not sure what he's after, but he's sure got grit!
From what I could discern upon finding him in 1935, his name is Lawrence. Despite everything we've tried, He refuses to leave the sandbox.
It is understood that food and water are delivered automatically.
I warned him not to two the sandbox.
He'd be out of there in a minute if they'd get the mirage installed in the other corner.
The smiley faces were losing their potency."
Earliest Cheever; 'The Sander'
These new Eco friendly condo amenities need to have time limits
He's refused to move ever since he got back from Death Valley.
Studies show that all problems begin in pre-k.
Looking for Rosebud.
Oasis? No way, Sis.
Daddy gets a little scary when he's dehydrated.
Something about being a method actor rehearsing for a desert scene.
Maybe we should open a lemonade stand.
I told you the sandbox was too small. So what!? I told you he wasn't dead.
Is this what the future holds?
Let him dig himself out of this one.
Looks like another homesick Californian
Too much sun really does make you age.
This is why I'm never switching to contact lenses.
Either he's delirious, or we're a mirage.
I have faith that if I cross this wilderness I'll be delivered to the land of hardwoods, granites, parks and reduced rents.
We think that he believes that he is a camel.
When you talk about "The Sandbox Crawler", will you talk about yourself?
I want to play. Can't we just call him an Uber?
Is dad really in the sandbox, or is it just a mirage?
Let's wait for that last fart to clear before we tell him it's our turn.
It is the firm's new Design Thinking Initiative. We were told to connect with our, "Inner Sandbox."
Too bad he does not have a metal detector.
Do you think he needs a drink or a cigarette?
He quit drinking.
Isn't it exciting watching the boss relieve himself of tension in the executive sandbox? I even brought my own spade along for the bailout.
It's the last of the Republican front runners.
He specializes in Ishtar reenactment.
He asked his wife to forgive him, and she said "pound sand."
Do you think he thinks he's almost there?
You know our Kickstarter was just $60 short of getting the paddling pool too.
It's a risk assessment for the co-op's Sahara trek.
This is not cool.
Water conservation laws have made Howard's lap pool quite a challenge.
His parents never picked him up.
Lawrence, let us have our turn!
Do you think his mother knows where he is?
He says he's looking for his "inner child", but I think he's outta of his mind.
All Dad's mirages are deserts.
His boss told him to play in the sandbox.
Reality television has hit a new low.
Didn't know they were taking the "don't leave your animal in the car" so seriously... Its sad that they put them on display like this
I could really go for an ice team right now. What about you?
The best way to get the deepest bond with your cat is to spend a month in her paws.
Apparently some programmers take the sandbox concept a tad too literally.
It's the newest Fitbit challenge
But he still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Should we mention that drinking fountain over there?
Zeno's Paradox is a bitch.
We brought you a pail and shovel. It's much more fun with toys.
Looks like someone's discovered our "mushrooms".
It's a fascinating technique -- he uses an ammonia-based liquid to get it to stick together so well.
Of all the sandboxes, on all the roofs, in all the world, he crawls into mine.
Was Gulliver shipwrecked?
He sees Life as a desert, not a playground.
Dad said he got a special deal on sand from Death Valley.
#3 "Human Cigarette Butt in the Sun"
It's a new workout. I think he's on his last lap.
No, it's your turn to change him.
He's our first rooftop crop.
I think we should tell him about endless pools.
Dad calls this performance art, and I'm supposed to play the vulture.
It seems that coloring books are the gateway drug.
I think he lost his iPhone"
It's a far cry from when Marty McFly went back in time.
... and in the winter, he used to walk to school barefoot, uphill, both ways.
It's nothing so dramatic. He's just cleaning up after the neighborhood cats.
Daddy never outgrew "sand box".
Lucas is in his 83rd day of his desert-simulating contest.
He'smaking progress. Last year he would only lie there motionless.
It's an installation called 'Lawrence of Bronxville.'
Well, at least he buried it.
He's looking for spare change.
Faster, Dad, or you'll miss your AA meeting.
He's practicing for the Board of Directors meeting next week.
Oh yeah, he's "feeling the Bern"
He's been cast into the litter box of history.
Did he say he's looking for his youth or Vermouth?
Maybe he's Bernie Sanders.
Looks like another endless sandbox workout.
They told me this was the Hollywood Walk of Fame!
He's using my sandbox to prep for global warming.
He never could pass P.E.
It's just another one of those actors from the method school up the street getting ready for an audition.
Unfortunately, he doesn't bore easily.
And if that doesn't win the "Most lifelike sand sculpture" competition, it's a fix!"
He washed up from the kiddie pool.
He does the whole Zen thing way better than us.
He's training to be the Arizona coordinator for Hillary Clinton.
Mom put him in a time-out after he admitted he voted for Trump in the primary.
He says the treadmill is for snobs.
He lives in a micro apartment
Maybe we should tell him we found his camel yesterday.
Oil executives are really getting desperate.
This saddest part is he's going in the wrong direction.
He said, he wanted to practice for when his wife takes him curtain shopping.
This is just sad on so many levels
If he doesn't find that water he's talking about in five minutes, our recess is over !
...says he's looking for the fountain of youth.
He's half-cat on his mother's side.
He's reliving his days with Lawrence of Arabia.
He keeps saying he wants to get to Mount Sinai but that's uptown....
No bucket. No spade. What else can he play?
I thought we were here to play
Isn't that a little too small for a desert?
The apple fell a little too close to the tree.
Must be a parent. They're not allowed on school property if they've been drinking, and he looks really thirsty.
They need a time limit on these interactive performance art events.
Do you think he misses his old catbox?
He just doesn't understand sandboxes.
How about we sculpt a glass of water?
Thinking inside the box is so underrated.
We don't want to play deserted island again, Louis.
Come on, Dad! Our turn!
Like we planned: you tell him about the oasis while I get his wallet.
It was half the price of an Endless Pool.
Dad thinks he is a Sphinx and I am Oedipus.
Mom said if he's going to be a drama queen when he comes home from the office, he should play outside.
Looks like we can't play in the sandpit today, sorry; my dad's still using it to search for the oasis of socially-equitable free-market capitalism. (He might be there awhile.)
He says he's in software.
Joey, I know your brother is training for the French Foreign Legion, but I wanna build a sand castle.
We have to wait until my dad's done doing his therapy treatment for his Xerophobia.
Aren't we the Sandbox experts?
Yes, but how I got the sand to stick to the conveyor belt is what will impress the science fair judges.
He's helping us test for a new kitty litter product
''Ready, willing, and able, honey, if he's not building a sand castle."
He says he feels much better when he gets back to the cubicle.
He gave me $5 and said something about a French Foreign Legion fantasy.
Do you think we should we tell him it's only a sandbox?
No, the sandbox is around the corner. This is the litter box.
Mom brought him back from Arizona. I think we were both hoping he'd be a better play date.
I guess the cat got his tongue.
That is one overly dramatic global warming protest.
I guess it wasn't cats peeing in the sandbox after all.
He's a performance artist... whatever the hell that is.
You should've seen him last week when he thought he was a fox and tried to eat Mrs. Ali's cat.
Grandma told him to go to The Deck and get the sandwiches there.
Should I tell him that "money pit" was just a metaphor?
My dad has bigger hangovers than your dad.
I think his ring is called dignity.
It's penance he does for not winning a cartoon caption contest in some magazine.
Nice Pants!
I liked the Goldsworthy installation more. But, hey. We're here.
Some of our math teachers sure are weird.
That reminds me of the TV shows we can't watch.
His infinity pool workout just hasn't been the same since we moved to California.
He's suing the co-op board, as they had promised the new sandbox would be Olympic-sized.
There’s going to be trouble when the cat finds him in there
Dad’s still distraught about the $20,000 a month—without even a river or park view.
They are remaking ‘Boyhood’ with the original cast.
My dad's getting into character for "Lawrence of Arabia: The Musical."
Apparently he models for New Yorker cartoons.
He lost his job in the silicon valley.
Sometimes Dad has trouble thinking outside of the box.
I told him I buried his IPHONE 6 S
He says he's a Superdelegate.
Forget the sandcastle. Time to set up the lemonade stand.
I thought your brother knew his was the half bath when we invited him
He thinks his carpet is cheaper than flying to Mecca.
Should we tell him he's crawling AWAY from the water fountain?
He has it reserved all week. Last night he watch Bogart in Sahara. Tonight is date night and he is watching Lancaster and Kerr in From Here to Eternity. Tomorrow I plan to show up early.
Mr. Carlson has really taken this too far.
He seems to be searching for the Republican candidate who might win.
I don't want to grow up!
Are we a mirage or a hallucination?
I prefer a timeout rather than cleaning out the box.
Somebody needs a juice-box.
We've taken him out and dumped him off several times, but he always comes back. Might as well admit he's our cat now.
NIMBY!!!
I'm calling it , Lost Metal Detector
I guess your dad's ready to go home.
We should tell him the oasis is in the next sand box over.
The studios are really small in this building.
It's ours when the vultures leave.
Well, my family believes in climate change.
I call this one, "Journey to the corner office."
Poor fool, never could think outside of the box
Urban performance art, called Lost in the Sandbox. Not the artist's best work frankly.
He'll NEVER ask for directions.
Last Thursday I found him face down in my Play Doh.
These Wall Street suits just can't think outside the box, can they?
Aaww...finally an oasis.
Some beach!
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the sandbox?
We've made his platform more concrete.
Feel the Bern!
Does he know it is for cats?
Should we tell him this is all a mirage?
I think it's time we helped Dad find his car keys
The buzzards are here. How much longer for recess?
He’s handling this “which five movies” question very scientifically.
No, don’t worry about it. Guys do it in swimming pools, but not sandboxes.
Maybe he thinks he's in a sand trap.
The co-op board made him drain his lap pool. Our win!
Get the hose, otherwise we'll wait all day.
I guess anything can be a litter box.
Who's the new kid?
It hasn't been the same since gentrification.
We may be here awhile - he keeps losing count.
It looks like he's been here awhile. I'm going to run down and grab him a Pellegrino.
Just stick a potted plant & a bucket of water over there. Maybe he'll think it's an oasis!
Watch carefully, kids. This is what it looks like to "play" in the real world.
I't's titled 'Man Seeking Lost Youth'
Get little tikes on the phone.
This will take a while.
Our access to the box is restricted on a timeshare basis.
He lives only to seek mirages.
I heard his wife told him to go pound sand.
That's what we get to do when we grow up
wonder how much he pay for a nice cold glass of lemonade
Growing up is overrated.
Can't he just shake a cup with a few coins in it like the other guys do?
Should we tell him that we found a contact lens there yesterday or just enjoy watching him?
They say he's still searching for that hope and change he was promised.
He'd never make it at P.S. 14.
I don't think he is shovel ready
Do you want to borrow our shovel and pail?
First the cats used it as a litter box and now this Let's vote him off.
Dad just hasn't been the same since Burning Man
You should have seen what he did on the swing set.
He always does this before he has to drink one of Mom's arugula smoothies.
After years of therapy, it was the only 'ordeal' he could think of.
Just the other day he was lost in the swimming pool. We had the Coast Guard come in and rescue him.
Hoo boy, it's Sanderson in 5C! He only plays 'Global Warming'.
This is the last summer we stay in the city.
I hope he finds his mind.
It's called mirage parenting.
He said it worked for Brian Wilson.
He's been trying to get to the infinity pool.
He's been like this since Kobe retired.
He got primaried.
Your Desert Fantasy Camp seems to be catching on.
A desert of his own making.
Can't your dad do his Death Valley Marathon training somewhere else?
Apparently the adult imagination, while still quite vivid, has lost its sense of wonder and creativity
I guess that we shouldn't play with his smart phone in the sand box.
A sauna just wasn't in the budget.
It's a litter box. Trust me. You'll want one after you smell your first zombie poop.
He must have lost the dollar my mom put in his pail yesterday.
I think he stayed back.
Some grown-ups just never learn to drink outside the box.
Tanning beds aren't really his thing.
It used to be fun when we were young.
It was either this or a lap pool.
Mom never should have filled in his endless pool.
He really needs to wash up on shore.
If he is a good boy, I allow him to play in the sandbox!
So where do the cats go?
I guess we'll have to bury him deeper.
Mr. Connors could really use a sabbatical.
Dad got fired and has to start all over.
When he stops twitching we'll dig up his pocket change.
He's our local beach bum.
My dad is showing us how to search for water!
And my Dad says our generation is weak.
I wasn't thinking that the school shadow box project would be in 3D and actually include a 5 o'clock shadow.
It’s my little piece of desert in Manhattan.
The sand is not very deep but is he an ostrich!
He's auditioning for "Cat in a Litterbox on a Hot Tin Roof".
He calls it "The Mirage" but still seems like a cultural desert to me.
You know he's drunk, so I sure hope he doecn't think he's in a litterbox!
His Facebook page says he flunked sandbox in kindergarten.
We're on a time share contract. He has it until 2:30.
That about sums up my childhood...
Walter was big for his age, and hated play time.
Should we tell him what an awesome job he's doing illustrating Zeno's dichotomy paradox?
My dad says the shortage of public restrooms is ridiculous.
Sure , but mom says don't talk to strangers.
Dick and Jane patiently await their turn in the Endless Sandbox.
He misses his cat.
he just keeps going round and round saying wheres the sea gone
He is definitely in violation of the co-op high-occupancy sandbox rule.
Oh, yeah? My dad can crawl slower than your dad.
His boss said more play in the sandbox would improve his performance.
Dad Got kicked out of hot yoga for being too dramatic.
My Dad would never survive in the real world.
Your Dad is kind of a drama queen.
The brochure did say a rooftop oasis.
As sandboxes go, I hear umpteen deployments to Iraq/40 years in the Sinai were worse....
I've learned it's wiser not to contradict my father's fantasies.
Some kids just take longer than others to start walking.
He's been up here ever since he watched Hidalgo.
Tell your dad that method acting isn't allowed in the sandbox.
I don't know. The plaque says, 'Wall Street, 2008'.
I remember hiding my lunch money in here.
He's got to learn to think outside the box.
Dad fell off the wagon again, he's trying to dry out
He’s trying to re-create that oasis feeling.
I thought desert cross training was just a fad too until my dad replaced my sandbox with a crawlmaster 5000.
We might be a Mirage...
I think he’s looking for his marbles.
He is still searching for that elusive oasis.
Would you prefer a rocking horse with no name?
If you build it, they will crawl.
Did he just say, 'My kingdom for a horse.' ?
My dad can't swim so we got him the Endless Desert.
You want to tell him we weren't playing but only cleaning out the litter box?
It's called the Peter Pan syndrome.
I wonder what his inner child thinks of his outer adult.
Dad never could think outside the box.
Do you think he knows there's a water fountain inside?
Mother says its imperfect, but he does keep the cats out.
It's performance art. This one is called "Plight of the Liberal Republican."
He's from the method acting school next door.
How long do we wait for him not to get there?
Survivor - Kindergarten
First time in 25 years he's forgotten his pail and shovel.
They told us he grew up on a desert island but maybe we should have adopted a younger child.
I told him you can find self-respect in play, not just in work.
Be patient, he'll leave when the vultures appear!
Obviously we need a swimming pool up here for the crawl stroke.
They say he lost his contact in the 3th grade.
Looks like he's been here awhile, let's find another sandbox!
He should just be glad it's not my quicksand box.
Think outside the box Jim!
My dad suffers "post Sahara syndrome".
We can't 'desert' him, but let's leave anyway.
Is this what they mean by sub-Saharan?
Come on Stan, if you haven't found your keys by now you're not going to find them.
There are 19 million square miles of desert on Earth, and he gets lost in our sandbox.
Should we get your dad some water?
I'm digging my hands into this sand .... oh SHOOT its quick sand!!!!
He's been practicing not asking for directions.
Problem is he played too well in the sandbox
I’d call the authorities, but I don’t want to make waves.
Mr. President's border patrol. That wall won’t keep the Chinese from digging their way in!
And finally, our rooftop installation juxtaposes the elements with the shear force of human exploration.
We suggest you try some out-of-the-box thinking.
Method actors have all the fun.
He keeps crying, "I'm SO sorry, Wilson..."
Senators from Texas really shouldn't campaign in New York.
I don't want to play "Death Valley" today.
I wish he'd go back to the wading pool.
Is this like when the pool has adult swim?
Let's live with Mom.
Do you think he forgot his pail?
Dad’s been like this since Mom stopped buying his fancy bottled water.
Performance art is two to three. This hour is for open sand.
He saw on one of those 'expert' cat-trainer shows that if he let himself go for a week and marked the entire sandbox, the neighborhood strays would stop using it as their litter box.
This new math still eludes me.
Pass the pail, I got this one. We have cats
He should know the sprinkler's in the lobby.
All these years he insists he's a camel exploring the desert.
I wonder what kind of cliched metaphor they'll make out of this one.
His sand castle collapsed.
Mom...can we pleeease get Dad a beer already?
He just needs to start thinking outside of it.
It's been a week now but you't think he'd of found his way out of there by now without a cellphone app to give him directions.
My Dad's protesting the new water-use restrictions.
He thought the cookies and milk were a mirage.
"A bad trip in the virtual reality sandbox!".
We finally get rid of the cat, and now this?
At first I thought it was Paul Ryan. But then I realized he's just a mirage.
You should see his act when we go to the pool.
The sand soaks up the alcohol.
But on some level aren't we all chasing mirages?
I'd say he doesn't play well with others.
O.K., Dad, our turn. Wrap up your mirage.
There's gold in them thar sands.
''You tell him his therapy session is over.''
He’s still unsure of the storyline, but he’s settled on the title, 'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof'.
I don't care if he looks sad, I am not going to share my shovel with him!
It's one of those new infinity deserts.
Norbert really goes all out when doing his iguana imitation.
''Another intoxicated one seeking for gold.''
He texted me at 3 a.m. saying that he'll be at the beach. He was drunk.
Should we tell him we already found the ring?
Maybe this is a game we don't want to start playing.
You don't understand performance art. Giving him water will only encourage him.
Bad behavior or performance art?
It's my pop. He's in training for one of those reality TV shows.
Awkward play dates
I don't think Mittens is in there.
He's trying to dig his way out, but can't think outside the sandbox!
They're filming his audition for a reality TV show.
Worst Airbnb ever.
That's Dan. He's looking for that big green tree.
He calls it "paleo Pilates"
''Another proposal gone awry.''
Dad, aren't you done with your therapy yet?
I think he's having trouble thinking outside the sandbox.
I think he's headed for the wading pool.
Does he know that the playground is down the block?
What's the magic word?
We need to get you home and cleaned up now. Sometimes...I feel like I'm the father.
My contact lens is somewhere in here.
No Sis, he did not wash a-shore from a shipwreck.
I'm thinking Sphinx.
Your turn to clean the litter.
So I said if he can find me my half finished cigarette, I'll give him the trial size Merlot in my locker.
He should have stuck with the Endless Pool. This Endless desert looks boring.
Life's not always a beach.
Hey kids, help me find my New York values!
When should we tell him it's a mirage?
He says he's downsizing.
He only thinks inside the box.
He nose best.
Whenever he drinks a lot, he thinks he's a kitty and there goes our sandbox.
This explains the spike in kitty litter consumption.
It may be too late for Uncle Ed to have that happy childhood.
Some folks aren't cut out for urban living.
Your father is freaking us out. He is still in his 'lost in a desert character'.