So I told her, 'Come on babe, live every moment like it's your last.'
A concrete metaphor comes to mind....
This place attracts a lot of movers and shakers.
They can't prove a thing without the scythe.
A life sentence? Are you sure?
Your sunny disposition isn't gonna win this one for us.
If they ask you your name is "G.R.". Put your game face on and don't be so grim.
We'll just tell the jury you're from the hood. It doesn't sound as grim.
Nothing is that grim.
No, you shouldn't take the stand.
...then i said, the IRS does not believe in karma, Mr. Smith
The judge and jury may not look too kindly at your professional success.
I don't know what will happen if the judge sentences you to life.
Let's face it, you look like a hoodlum.
We need for you to reap the benefit of the doubt from the jury
I get it, but I'm on track for partner.
"Technically they aren't your peers, but at least they're all seniors.
Yes, of course, my fee is negotiable.
I'm going underground until this blow's over.
Usually the other side raises the specter of the death penalty.
No, Kafkaesque trial isn't a good enough reason to plead fifth.
I think it's better if you don't testify.
No magistrate in the country will convict you—you were just supervising.
Knight to queen's bishop 3.
Habeus corpus?
So this is the hoodie with the six-month wait list that everyone is talking about?
When the judge says something you disagree with, try to not point at him ominously.
If the hoodie does not fit, they will NOT acquit!
In the eyes of the jury, removing your hoodie might make you seem a little more human.
I will not let you speak in your own defense, Mr Reaper.
No, GR, a life sentence is NOT a good thing.
We really need to stress to the jury that a guilty verdict would be against the best interests of everyone involved.
What are you doing here now? You are expected after the judgement.
Try not to look so guilty.
I doubt you'll get a life sentence.
I think I have a conflict of interest.
Bad news from the DA: the death penalty is off the table.
Okay, you can take the stand, but don't talk them to death!
Yes, you can plead self-defense if you're not bothered by loud laughter.
They're starting to run out of prosecutors.
If you testify, it will difficult to avoid a death sentence.
Don't worry. It's mortality as a whole that's on trial.
You have the right to remain silent, but it'll look like you're hiding something.
We're lucky. This judge is rather lenient with tax evasion cases.
Could I get that in writing?
Look, I'm sorry but they don't HAVE the death penalty in New York.
Pretrial focus groups found your outfit off-putting.
My objection was overruled. Your turn.
dont worry you will get time off for good behaviour
The outlook is grim.
Not good. The jury thinks you're a hoodie.
You're right - you should do the closing argument.
What do you think they do once the 20 minute limit is up?
You're making jury selection rather difficult.
They're asking for 10 to 20, but I think we can bargain them up to death.
I think we have a ghost of chance at least !
I'm dead serious...
Your scythe set off the metal detectors, huh?
It's not good. Word is the prosecutor is going for 'murder everyone'.
The only two things in life that are certain are death and taxes. That's why we want to hire you.
Larry, the grim reaper look isn't a great choice to wear to your hearing this morning.
You may prejudice the jury
I think the hoodie is overkill!
I'll give you $10,000 if you read off this pad and whisper something in my ear during the trial.
We've got them on occupational profiling.
Eternity is the best sentence we can hope for.
Try to smile
Face it Grim ... they can see through you
When you're on the stand, try to avoid talking about your work.
Remember, you were only doing your job.
If you don't tell them it was God's will, they are going to pin this rap on you.
I guess you know the drill. When he asks 'The Question', take the Fifth.
Lose the hoody
"They've taken the death penalty off the table".
Two sugars isn't going to kill me.
A writ of Habeas Corpus may be a little insensitive right now.
Perhaps don't mention the 107 billion people you've killed.
This is going to be a slam dunk, just look at the judge and point!
I'm sorry. But the irony would be too much to ask the judge to overturn your life- in-prison sentence, just because you hate orange.
I think Habeas Corpus is the best way to go here...
Agree to the Settlement. When Life is exhausted, you can take them.
I'm afraid the outlook for your case looks grim.
I just want to confirm - You only came to me because you need a lawyer.
I don’t think “He lost the game of chess” is much of a defense
Were down to the heart and soul of the trial.
My soul? Yeah, I'm afraid the Devil got dibs on that one.
So you say you were with Scrooge at the time?
I know your the Grim Reaper, but do you have to wear that outfit in court?
We're going to tell the court you weren't there.
I am afraid you are looking at life without parole...
Remember, make eye contact with the jury and smile.
Hoodie, smoodie--you'll still do 18 long ones.
He's dead to me.
What do you mean you can't do life?
Be not proud.
just smile and look innocent
I offered to hire a stylist for the trial, remember?
'Here's your alibi: all afternoon, you were in Times Square posing for photos with tourists.'
Don't look so grim.
If you could just put a face on the argument. . .
We can appeal.
Try not to look so vacant.
Tell the judge you promise not to hang out in the old hood.
I'm sorry, I've already taken the Fifth Century !
You're dead.
I'm assuming that jail time isn't an issue?
Don't worry - the death penalty is still on the table.
I already told you, pleading innocent AND having accidental involvement with everyone on these lists, isn't something that just 'might vibe okay' with the jury.
I don't care if it was his time, do not kill any more of the jurors.
I told you to wear a suit.
I did suggest that wearing a suit would make you look less guilty to the jury.
I told you, suit and tie, no hoodies.
Look innocent; nobody suspects that you killed him.
It doesn't send a good message to the jury that you're embarrassed to be my lawyer.
Death be not proud. Let's settle.
Yes, I think having one of them drop dead would be considered "jury tampering."
Yes, I told you to wear a dark suit, but don't you have something less grim ?
I think your "It's my job!" explanation is your best bet.
Maybe it was a better idea to pick up dry cleaning first.
Hipster coffee under a bridge? The apocalypse has begun.
I've told you: there's no capital crime in divorce court
You of all people should know the death penalty is not negotiable .
Honestly, I really don't expect this to go well.
Still, the jury needs to see eye contact.
No, the phrase “Death Penalty” is not an oxymoron.
You still have to pay your back taxes or it will be death, taxes and incarceration.....no, you can't tell the judge your name is Al Sharpton !
I think you're possibly looking at life.
The defense rests in peace, your honour.
"The judge isn't going to allow the hoodie".
"We need to talk about your courtroom attire".
You just got the death penalty but, I'm curious, who's going to take you to the other side?
ff
I think we can beat the murder charge, but collecting souls carries a mandatory minimum sentence in this state.
Your scythe? I don't think arguing the second amendment will work.
The families of your D-Train and cinder block murders are suing you for millions.
The jury might be more sympathetic if you didn't insist on wearing that hoodie.
Stop saying you want a 'hung' jury.
At least the death penalty is off the table." At least the death penalty is off the table.
You do realize that you're on trial for a capital offense?
Try looking less grim.
Your case is looking good, because the witnesses are having problems identifying you!
.. and your telling me THIS now?!?
It's grimmer than we thought.
So then, where is thy sting?
Any sentence will be an death sentence.
Okay, I understand that but I worked hard to get your conviction thrown out.
Bad news. The prosecutor isn't seeking the death penalty for you.
It's not as grim as it seems.
I wouldn't worry about the sentencing phase. You're already a dead man.
You should be prepared for a life sentence.
Our goal here today is to remind the jury that you are just the messenger and guide - not the perpetrator.
I think you got the death penalty
You could get life.
I think we're okay, we've got 3 Zombies on the Jury
Stop pointing at the witnesses.
They got you on tax evasion, of that I am certain.
Please stop saying you'll take the ME penalty.
Yes, I suppose the death penalty would be redundant.
Try not to look so grim.
When I asked if you had a dark suit, this isn't what I meant.
We can't plead insanity for ALL of them
The best the jury will give you is parole without life.
Seriously, ditch the hoodie for a suit and tie.
Don't take this personally, but the outlook is grim.
I really don't think claiming self-defense is a good idea.
Don't worry, we can appeal his death penalty verdict.
Our defense is mistaken identity.
You're not afraid of the death penalty, are you?
Let's ask for the death sentence. It's our only chance to retain any control of the outcome.
Can anyone testify you sent them to a better place?
Sorry to disappoint. This is not a capital punishment state
No, I do not think you have one of those faces people trust.
No, they won't give you the death penalty for tax evasion.
It would help your case if you could ditch that hoodie.
Why can't I wear exhibit A, It's mine?
We'll try and downplay your employment history, OK?
Any chance I can get the chair by Friday? I have a date Saturday afternoon...
I don't think the second amendment covers your scythe
From now on you tell me everything!
With luck, you'll get life.
Yes, our brief was brief. But funny? No.
I'll handle the witness; you handle the judge.
Ok i admit when the marriage vow said 'Til Death Us Do Part' i didn't think i would be paying you $300 an hour to make it happen!
Bad news. They found the scythe.
And finally, try to smile at the jury.
Your Honor, you are in the wrong seat.
Remember Mr. Reaper, you went to the movies alone on the night of January 9th.
I think plea bargaining for "life" would be pushing it.
Of course I trust in your innocence, but I beg you to look the other way!
I suppose the Legend of Sleepy Hillow defense is an idea
There's no plea bargain... is there?
Try showing some empathy.
You do know that petty theft is not a capital offense?
There's a reason that this is a hoodie-free zone Tyrone.
For tomorrow, I'd suggest the light gray pin-stripe with a red tie.
They will claim you murdered about 56,000,000 people a year. We counter with an Insanity Defense
You're facing the you penalty
We can get you off the pestilence charge on a technicality
There's quite a few old people on the jury.
This will be the biggest serial killer trial ever.
You of all people should have known that taxes are inevitable!
I want your answers upbeat and lively.
I'm already on the dark side
So, you are sticking with - ‘God is your witness’?
Your identity change is perfect. No worries.
Let's take the death penalty off the table.
I really thought his time was up!
I don't care where you went to Law School! You representing me would be a conflict of interest!
Remember Grim ... you were the first to patent the scythe. This farmer has no case.
Yes, they were all dead when I got there. All 107 billion of them.
I told you to ditch the hoodie.
Your appearance isn't helping.
That's not exactly the dark suit I had in mind for you.
Don't let on that you've worked with this judge in the past.
The jury is still hopelessly deadlocked.
They said they found your DNA on the scythe.
This is not a good time.
Try not to look proud.
Justice may be blind but the jury can see you.
Groan once for yes, twice for no.
Thanks again for flying up from Texas on such short notice to handle my appeal.
Yes, I understand that a life sentence is not your first choice.
You'll have to get yourself off death row.
Some help, offering to do the jurors' taxes.
Is there any way you can make eye contact when you testify?
Yes, but yours is not a faceless crime in the traditional sense.
You're telling me you're against the death penalty?
Relax. The evidence will prove he can't get out of your contract by knocking over the chess board.
Remember, you never touched the guy.
Sorry. The judge said 'No' to chess.
Death Penalty or Life-Either way you're out in no time.
Sorry to waste your time but we decided to go for Life without parole.
I say we ask for the death sentence, with time off for good behavior.
Try not to look so grim. Juries notice things like that.
I think it might be best if we just have you plead the fifth.
don't worry, we are going to appeal your live penalty sentence
" I know it's your job, but I don't think that will work with the jury".
And then I'll say, 'if the glove fit, you must acquit.'
Let's face it ... never mind.
...the bad news is, you're looking at life without parole.
I suppose it's inevitable that you became a tax lawyer.
Your walk,voice an lack of features are compelling evidence.
I think I can get you life without parole.
Mr. Scrooge doesn't have a ghost of a chance. You can't sue for being frightened into giving everything to charity.
I'm pretty sure I can get the terrorism charge dismissed, but the TSA and the judge aren't buying your "farm implement" excuse...
I'm sorry to have to be the one to break it to you, but this state no longer has the death penalty.
Frankly, it's not looking good.
...has a fool for a client.
Don't worry. No one saw your face.
What made you think the sickle would get through security?
I'm telling you for the last time, the jury is not going to be impressed that Beelzebub has given you excellent performance evaluations for the last 6000 years.
Let's lose the hoodie.
Wouldl you be interested in hearing about a new term life policy?
Wipe that smile off your face. It's looking grim for you.
No, you can't tamper with the jury just because they're hung.
We just took the death penalty off the table.
Let me frank. You're on trial for you life here.
Trust me, the jury thinks they are already in Hell.
Your choice of clothing will not help our case.
Yes, I think the death penalty is a possibility.
Let's review the charges: manslaughter of, well, everyone.
I don't think you can take the fifth.
No, that penalty was not named just for you.
Grin what?
The verbal contract does state "til death do us part".
ECHO ... Echo ... echo ...
I know there is no way of stopping you, but thank you for at least participating in our judicial system.
Don't worry, I've got a call into Netflix.
Sorry, but in my legal opinion,'The butler did it' is not a viable defense.
Its looking pretty grim Mr. Reaper "
It looks like we have a hung jury.
No. You don't get the sickle back. It is evidence now.
Please try not to laugh every time they mention the death penalty.
Try smiling.
The first thing they will try to do is find a jury of your peers.
You really want the death penalty?
We'll get more from them this time, I promise.
Any priors?
It doesn't matter, they still consider it a penalty.
They sentenced you to a light year!
The sentence might be life.
We're going to need a better argument than "It was his time."
I suggest for your opening statement you take the hood off...
Duck? No, I ordered chicken.
Two immovable forces finally collide as the IRS audits THE GRIM REAPER.
Couldn't you have picked a better outfit to show the jury?
No - you don't need a shave!
The jurors don't like your body language.
It was revenge for loss of face.
Take the plea bargain. Trust me.
Where's your tie?
I thought we agreed on a navy suit.
It will be easier to get you off if you ditch the hoodie.
We're basing our defense on hoodie prejudice, OK?
If things go well for you I think we can get the judge to settle for the death penalty.
I think it will be abundantly clear to the jury that growing up in the 'hood had a big impact on your identity formation.
Any potential character witnesses?
Well, I guess the death penalty is off the table.
Would you like to meet my mother-in-law?
I don't think you need to worry about the death penalty.
We're going to hold out for twelve jurors who were born again.
Sorry, the death penalty doesn't apply here.
It's all good. Ted Cruz is going to come in and sit next to you so you won't look so creepy.
Are you arguing for, or against?
The death penalty? You were only charged with speeding.
We appreciate your fraternal instincts, but we've got this case covered.
Remember that you're here because Adam and Eve were disobedient.
We’re going to argue that all your actions were motivated by a sincerely held religious belief.
Did you not read the - when it's your time - clause in your contract?
Was it the hoodie?
Do you vape?
So, what happened to your last lawyer?
I take it you're familiar with the death penalty.
They are pushing for the Death Penalty
A penalty? Is it really?
You won't be needed today, it's only traffic court.
I'll take the fifth on that and anyone who disagrees.
I don't think the jury wants to convict you.
Just be yourself.
Sorry. No body, no habeus corpus.
They're going for the You Penalty
I mean, I wouldn't say I'm 'religious' but I definitely would call myself 'spiritual'.
As for my expenses ... I can make a deal with you.
The government is willing to settle the patent infringement portion if they can continue to use your name on their drones.
Good News is, New York has no death penalty.
Judge did not buy your argument of Soliciting to Murder by your boss
I'm going to argue that this shouldn't be a death penalty case.
Darn! That hoodie's going to influence the jury in a negative way.
Your case is looking pretty grim, Reaper
This isn't what I meant when I said to dress like you were attending a funeral.
I'm not sure if our "Grim Reaper" defense will hold up in this murder case, but, we'll give it a shot!
It looks like the jury wants to give you life.
No! No! No! You are NOT starting with the same fan base as OJ!
Where's the jury?
What do you mean, your mind has gone blank?
Things are looking grim.
With 107,602,707,791 counts of manslaughter against you, I recommend you take the plea bargain.
They don't have a case without the scythe.
We move for dismissal. Of the three invisible men at the scene of the crime the police brought only my client in for the line up.
We couldn't find any character witnesses.
What will actually happen if I don't file by April 15?
We'll have to plea bargain.
Sorry, but I usually don't recommend the death penalty for petty theft.
Any chance you can remove the hoodie?
Yes, I'm sure. I wiped all the fingerprints off the scythe.
They have a point. Who else uses a scyth?
File a motion to kill this next witness.
I'm sorry. They've sentenced you to life.
It's uncanny! He had no difficulty picking you out in the line-up.
My best argument is that giving you the death penalty would be a definitional impossibility, as well as just plain silly.
Surely you'll get something less than the death penalty."
I think you are going to have to get over your identity crisis before I put you on the stand!
Don't look so grim,We can always appeal.
Trying to save face for a faceless crime won't cut it with the jury.
I am NOT Eddie Rickenbacker; I am your lawyer!
I don't think your testimony will help my client avoid the death penalty!
I asked you to wear a tie.
If we plea, we can avoid the life penalty.
You couldn't have worn something a little less grim for my first trial?
We'll just tell them you have a great track record filing habeus corpus.
Death penalty? Big whoop.
Telling Juror #8 that his time is near did not help your case.
This is where I usually say 'keep a stiff upper lip'.
I know you made a career change, but reaping someone else's crops is still considered theft.
that's not how the death penalty works
I don't think I can sell the jury on, "Come on baby(Don't fear the reaper.)"
You're killing me.
Start with the death and taxes joke to soften up the jury.
Relax, without the scythe they don't have a case.
Remember, we want the jury to like you.
I know we're not supposed to get personal here, but my wife would like to know how her mother is doing.
No problem; it was just an unfortunate accident that happened when the deceased borrowed your scythe to mow his lawn, as so many had before.
I'd ask you to speak for yourself, but I see that's impossible.
They want to give you a life sentence but I might be able to plea bargain a death sentence.
They want to charge for murder, but I think we can find a way around that.
For the last time, nobody cares that you invented the hoodie.
"So what you're saying is, if we win this case, you and I are good". If we lose, I can expect to see you much sooner than later".
Yea, I know, kind of ironic – they’re pushing for the death penalty.
How does a life sentence sound?
We can only look like people right now.
As long as you assure me this is your first offense . . .
Your witness failed to show up again, Death.
Juror number seven? Tonight? Wow, what are the odds?
You see, I usually try to keep my clients off death row.
"Well...yes, the death penalty is on the table, but as your lawyer, I'd advise against that!
Let me get this straight .. I am the evil sorcerer here
Leave the Death Penalty on the table, then.
I think we're looking at a hung jury.
Arguing against the death penalty does seem counterintuitive.
No, we can't plead this out to get a life sentence.
I told you not to wear the hoodie.
I told you it would be impossible to get a cancer patent.
I understand these Police Body-Camera's are bad for business but maybe we should cut down a tad?
You are not in witness protection yet.
They want to sentence you to life.
"It's what I do" is not going to cut it as a defence.
They found the scythe, but there weren't any prints.
"I was just following orders" isn't gonna fly.
Would you go shake hands with the prosecutor?
Relax, Christmas Past and Present have agreed to testify for you.
Death Lives Matter!
You've got to show them you're not just an empty robe.
Stop touching jurors. We can't afford another mistrial.
I should have mentioned my fees earlier--$500 an hour, and eternal life. And I get the scythe if we win.
They don't care that it was just a traffic violation, they want to give you the Death penalty.
We'll have a better chance if you lose the hoodie.
Our brief: the death penalty is 'cruel and unusual punishment.'
Are you for or against the death penalty?
At least they won't give you the death penalty.
Would it have killed you to put on a tie?
You should have worn your "Make America Great Again," shroud.
I just think the death penalty is too controversial.
I think I can get you life!
When you say you'll be needing to get a new lawyer, I hope it's simply because I'm doing a lousy job.
You nailed it.
The Jury is awarding pain and suffering damages...for themselves.
After everything, I can't believe they indicted you for tax fraud.
Of course you want a hung jury.
The jury doesn't seem to like you.
No, I don't think an alternate juror would help.
Yes, I know you're usually the penalty, but you've angered the wrong people this time.
The you penalty is on the table.
Our best hope is for a hung jury.
There's no certainty - this is your trial for tax evasio - oh wait...
Look alive.
We can probably assume that the death penalty is off the table.
Please stop giggling every time the word death is mentioned.
As my defense attorney, you say the only option for jaywalking is lethal injection or hanging?
I recommend we settle.
Okay, okay. We'll seek the death penalty.
I'll promise the jury you won't come calling anytime soon.
Maybe the police planted the scythe.
it does not matter how you cloak it
Would you take a life sentence?
If you plead guilty, you will get life.
I can't be anymore clear, do not shake hands with the judge.
We'll argue that trying this case as a capital offense is redundant.
That's not what Jury nullification means.
Apparently your scythe is not deductible.
It's probably best if you don't point your scythe at jurors and say "you're next."
How ironic if you were to get a life sentence.
I don't want to worry you, but they're seeking the death penalty.
Don't worry, we only have to give the jury reasonable doubt.
They found your fingerprints on the scythe next to the body.
I strongly recommend against taking the stand.
Let’s start by asking the judge for community service
"I think involuntary manslaughter is the best we can hope for".
Well, sure, why not? Go ahead and testify. They won't know who you are anyway.
Look on the bright side, you might get to meet Aaron Hernandez.
Should I have worn the blue one?
They're going for the death sentence. Try not to look happy.
When you argue for the death penalty, try to sound impartial.
This time, don't hang the jury until after they announce the verdict.
The truth is, all nine of them are trying to cheat you.
Lawyer fees are eternal
Be charming when you take the stand. Just say your name is "Reaper" and drop the "Grim".
Change of venue? To where?
You might've expected the metal detector to pick up the scythe.
Don't look so guilty!
Hopefully I can bill you enough hours to pay for my dad’s medication.
Please stop saying "goody!" whenever they mention the death penalty.
No I am sure you can't seek the death penalty for a parking violation
Eventually, you know, they'll want to de-pose you.
Yes I know, but also unavoidable are your taxes.
You're sure you want me to go ahead with that "chess defense" ?
Let's stay real here - And that means no more 'ghost-of-a-chance' opinions.
Trust me. You're dead. This double indemnity defense is gonna work.
How's that whole grim reaper thing working for you now?
Do I have enough time to put in my football tips?
I need you to stop saying, 'It was his time.' Try 'I don't recall,' instead.
Best-case scenario, I get you the death penalty.
They gave you death, but just don't come for yourself.
No - it wasn't wise to ask her honour if she feels well.
It's not meant as an insult. Around here death IS a penalty.
I'm not going to lie to you, your future looks Grim
We think Grim is prejudicial so we're going with Natural Reaper.
Your being here today will assure they can NOT positively identify you.
Let's try for a plea devil's bargain.
Sorry. Only the judge is allowed to wear a robe.
I don't think the Doomsday Defense is working.
The death penalty is on the table?
They are requesting you wear a glove.
You're looking at life, would you settle for that?
Luckily, capital punishment doesn't apply in your case!
Ironically, you've been given life.
Don't let them hoodwink you into the truth. Die with the lie.
The person that you visited died? That was your alibi!
Don't worry, you can only receive the death penalty once.
You got life without parole.
The verdict is self-imposed punishment.
What evidence, Mr. Death? Just a big sharp sickle found near the body!
You need to get your head in this trial...
If you are lucky the judge might make you do some community service.
So uh, is your cloak Gucci?
Don't worry, I'll tie them up in litigation forever!
The prosecution is requesting self-imposed punishment.
You need to know that the others find you somewhat standoffish
On the bright side, there's no death penalty.
Easier than getting OJ off.
Remember what we talked about. Try to be a little less grim.
You've been indicted on 8 billion counts of homicide.
I don't think that holding out for "life" in prison is a reasonable option.
FYI. My death eventuates an immediate IRS audit of your tax filings.
You're my ace in the hole.
I'm here for the hung jury.
You need to go now, the Death penalty is off the table.
Try to just be yourself.
This above all: to thine own self be true.
I never thought you'd be on trial for insider trading
I think our best shot here is to plead guilty.
You have nothing to lose.
Your only help is to plead, "Guilty as Hell!"
Hung jury, not hanged jury.
I hope you didn't have anything to do with the deaths of all the jurors.
It doesn't exactly help when the penalty is named after you.
Again, that's not what we mean by habeas corpus.
The outcome of this case might have been in your favor, had you just worn the blue suit.
Look at the bright side, they named your penalty after you.
Remember, the scythe was next to the body when you arrived.
Death is different.
And again, I beg you --Please don't laugh when he grants you a life sentence.
I know, I know, Death waits for no man. But we gotta break for lunch at some point.
If the jury stares directly in your face, I'd say we're cooked.
Are you on board with our seeking the death penalty?
Didn't I tell you to wear a suit and tie?
Hey, it's called reasonable doubt.
Great, give them the vacant look when they ask you where you were the night of the murder.
In this case, the death penalty is not a good thing.
I think I can get you off with life, pardon the pun, in prison.
No, you can't claim Habeas Corpses.
Sometimes I have the feeling I'm talking to myself.
Dave, I think this is the right moment to tell you that I've been having an affair with your wife. But I'm going to have to fire you again.
'I got the trial delayed until tax season so your crimes wouldn't seem so bad."
So, ummm, how do you feel about the death penalty? I would advise you to refrain from calling the death penalty, simply another day at the office.
I think you're right to contest the parking ticket. Death would be, in most cases, a valid handicap.
I think the scythe is what killed us.
I'm going to try and get the death penalty off the table.
I’m pretty sure we can’t ask for the death penalty.
Sure they took it. You could seriously hurt somebody with that thing!
Well, if we lose, you should be able to slip through the bars.
But I wasn't wearing a disguise.
Good news. The death penalty is off the table.
That isn't what I meant by 'business attire.'
So you'll plead if you can get the death penalty?
But, all your peers are dead.
Don't worry, they can't sentence you to you.
Look kindly.
It means produce the body, not bring him back from hell.
I think the jury bought our guilt by "professional association" argument.
Show them the upside of being dragged to the underworld.
Sorry, this crime doesn't qualify for a death sentence.
Is the death penalty fine with you?
What did I tell you about white juries and hoodies?!!?
So, I just need to touch your robe to get out of here?
Remember, we're claiming everything from the hardware as a work expense - not just the scythe.
Government security aside, Apple might cooperate more if you were a little more transparent.
Put on a happy face.
What's the downside? Offer is the Death Sentence.
In a word: No more high fives.
Witnesses! That's what this case is missing and that's why we're going to win!
Mint?
Worst case scenario eternity without parole.
"For the 100th time, no, that hoodie does not make you look fat!'
As your lawyer, I recommend the death penalty.
If the jury comes back with the life penalty, we'll appeal it.
The ultimate tweet has been tweeted.
Yes Mr. Reaper, this is a class action suit brought against you by the Imps of Death, for excessive withholding taxes and gross underpayment since the beginning of time.
It looks grim.
Try not to be too dark.
I know you feel cheated, but this is a good deal.
How's life?, Is life good for you?
Do you have any character references who can testify?
You do realize you're looking at life here?
Sorry, but I think we're dead.
Hello. Is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone at home?
Sorry, but they don't give the death penalty for failing to return a lawn mower.
There is no way this year gets any worse.
You have to face the facts.
Now, go explain your innocence-- with feeling.
Will the jury be confused when they learn I'm the defendant?
Your new sickle holster is amazing. I couldn't even tell you are carrying.
Try to look less grim.
If the scythe doesn't fit, they must acquit.
Well, at least we don't have to worry about fingerprints.
The hoodie is not helping us.
Really?
They insist you remove your hood. Let me know when to look away.
I got it reduced to 45 billion counts of second degree murder.
Try not to hang the jury, ok?
Bad news. The scythe has your prints all over it.
Consider yourself dead
Try to look remorseful.
'I guess the death sentence isn't much of an issue for you.'
Remember what I told you - NO giggling if you get the death penalty
Can you show the jury a little remorse?
I don't recommend you take the stand.
Really? You couldn't have shown up before I got indicted?
No, no, you still have your mojo without your scythe.
We've discussed this already, that would be considered Jury tampering.
The expert witness will be testifying via Skype, not scythe.
Good news: you got the death penalty
G R, do you have a change of clothing?
When I said 'business attire' I meant a suit.
Just FYI - threatening to eat the souls of the jury usually doesn't go over too well.
" I thought I told you to wear your white colored hoodie to court".
Juries don't really like when their defendants wear hoodies.
If we're lucky, we'll keep you from yourself.
We won, but apparently cheating Death is a crime punishable by applause.
What did you say your rate was again?
No, I don't think the judge will settle this with a game of chess.
We can plea bargain down to manslaughter.
We'll use that population-control argument if we have to. But first, let's try to scare off a few witnesses.
I think maybe we should consider the pleas bargain.
The judge was lenient. You got the death penalty.
They don't understand that you would welcome the death penalty.
Try to look a little less mortified.
When you're on the stand, try to look affable and fun-loving.
I don't think your alibi is going to hold up.
And don't say "Read my lips!" again.
If the cloak don't fit, they must acquit.
And this train that keeps hitting us... how does it make you feel?
It wouldn't have killed you to put on a coat and tie.
Do not show any emotion.
It's looking grim.
No, his last name is Issa, not Torquemada.
We're gonna need you to cry
I don't think they'll go for a "life" sentence in your case.
'I'm entering a guilty plea,the Scythe had your DNA all over it."
It doesn't matter if it's ten lifetimes, you can wait.
I'll waive my fee, if you give back my soul.
We're trying to get the scythe found at the scene ruled inadmissible.
I really think that holding onto your scythe would give the jury the wrong idea.
I can get this dropped to half an eternity, easy.
I think leaving your scythe in the cloakroom was a smart move.
Yes, I suppose the death penalty isn't such a bad option.
We can't lose; they don't have the Death penalty in this state.
Your Honor, my client utilizes an agricultural hand tool, professionally.
I know that I told you to dress as though going to Church.
I thought we said less ghastly.
I don't think they'll accept the death penalty as a plea bargain.
Please tell me you're here to be my pro bono client.
Let's hope for the Death Penalty!
I'm not worried if YOU get the death penalty.
How about if we just let him think he's the final judge?
Dressing business casual may not help our case.
Please wait, system processing.
Can I just plea without the bargain?
Our only chance is a change of venue to hell.
Just to recap: you did it, you'll keep doing it and that's that?
Describe your occupation as "end of retirement advisor"
Let's go shake hands with the prosecutor.
You don't have much color and a neck tie would have been nice
What exactly do you mean by 'a more hands-on approach'?
Are you the court-appointed attorney?
I'm afraid the witness just described the assailant as having hollow cheeks.
The scythe was frightening the jury.
If I were you, I would take care of Juror No. 5.
Just answer the question honestly. Have you ever owned a sickle?
It's a little late for that now, but I get mine from Jos. A. Banks.
I’m pretty sure the judge will be inclined to split the baby. Literally.
We'll file an appeal, so try not to look so grim.
"We've got this - no one's ever cheated you yet.
Don't mention your occupation while you're on the stand.
You're looking at life.
They're not buying that it was an accident.
When I said dress so the jury relates to your middle age life crisis this is not what I had in mind.
She wants the scythe, too.
I'm telling you it's a fair trade. I put this guy on death row, you give me 15 - 20 more years.
Good news. Several jurors are Trump voters.
Yes, the acquittal is nice, but it's the civil trial where they'll kill you.
You're innocent until proven inevitable.
Our biggest disadvantage? While very explicit the video shows all of you but your face.
I'm glad you took my advice and left the scythe at home.
You're only death's maître d'? Clever, but I don't think the jury will see it that way.
Yes, but there's a difference between looking serious and looking grim.
Hey one to two millennia beats life.
I can get it reduced to manslaughter.
Black lives matter!!!
Well, yeah, I probably could get a plea deal for manslaughter. But with tens of billions of counts, the sentence would still be quite a kick in the pants.
This judge has no soul
I'd like a motion request.
Lose the hoodie—it's too thuggish.
Let me explain again. Nothing in Law is ever final.
I think I can convince the jury that the Grim Reaper owns the rights to the hoodie.
You've gotta stop staring through the jurors.
Probably a mistrial; we couldn't find a jury of your peers.
Less grim and more sorrow with this judge
I knew the public defender would be the death of me.
If the scythe don't fit, you must acquit!
Shh, shut up and hide your reaper.
We could argue they were at your door.
They're going to try to present you as a hostile witness.
I specialize in tax law, but there's a lot of overlap.
You have no chance of suing an airport because you were not allowed to board.
Don't worry, Mr. Death-Rabinowitz. Spousal privilege applies to gay marriages, too, so you won't even have to testify.
That wasn't what I meant by "strike that juror."
Human Blackhole transcends cosmic blackhole. If don't agree then check with OJSimson!
"I'm afraid you're going to have to face the music".
Absolutely not! No threats to the prosecutor.
We can make the motion, but I'm pretty sure it's still going to be called life imprisonment.
I told you the scythe wouldn't get through the metal detector.
25 to life seems like a pretty fitting sentence.
I take it this isn't your first offense.
You've got nothing to hide.
I think you should plead the fifth dimension.
Yes, things look grim.
So, you actually weren't wearing a hoodie that night?
If you are not that street artist, take off that hood and prove it.
Should I play the death card?
I should tell you, the judge is not happy about those 100 billion dead bodies.
"May I call you 'Grim?'l
I don't think 'monkish folderol' will be an effective defense.
Would you like to flip a coin to decide your fate, Jerry?
Cheer up, I think we can get it reduced to manslaughter.
I understand that you're the Grim Reaper, but the judge thinks he's God.
No, no... the other kind of habeas corpus.
Let's pivot to a climate change defense.
Tie! I asked you to please wear a tie.
What do you think my odds are?
Yes, senatorial confirmation is scary but I still think you should give them your name.
It's 107,602,707,791 counts of 1st degree murder.
Ironically, he's the hanging judge.
Give me an acquittal or give me death.
As your attorney, I need to remind you that if you are found guilty, you can get the 'you' penalty.
It's not me who's on trial here, Mr. Reaper.
Freezing the breathalyzer and having no blood is going to tough to explain.
...but you literally said 'I'm Death, and I am going to kill you now' and it was caught on video." "The dude's name was Herdy. You wouldn't understand.
'Tag, you're it' is not a very good defense.
Remember: the death was consensual.
Try to look sympathetic.
Relax. This judge has never sentenced someone to the you penalty.
Calling yourself grime reaper doesn't help, either.
"It's my job" is not a defense.
No jury tampering. Besides illegal, your methods are a little obvious.
When you told me you wanted to file for divorce, I didn't realize she literally sucked the life out of you.
You're lucky they abolished the death penalty in this state.
Okay, I'll handle the civil cases, you do the estates.
What made you think "I'm gonna kill you" was an appropriate response to "How do you plea"?
Normally I'd suggest you remove your hood but I think we'll make an exception today...
What I'm saying is that, as a defense, "it was his time" doesn't give me a lot to work with here.
I'm sure you'll appreciate the irony of 'life in prison.'
Did you have to wear a hoodie?
Trust me. Direct eye contact with the jury can work in our favor.
Sorry, but I couldn't get a dead person on the jury.
The deposed witnesses are reposed?
I told you not to try the robe on. The fact that it fits hurts our case.
If you want any sympathy from the jury, ditch the hood.
Next we have to make the jury like you".
We had to 'dig' up a jury of your peers...12 cadavers.
If the trial goes as planned, I should be able to get you the death penalty.
Relax. This isn't my first wrongful death case.
You of all people should appreciate the certainty of taxes.
I'm sorry vicarious liability doesn't apply in murder cases
They can prove you're responsible for multiple deaths.
I think keeping the scythe out of sight would be a very good idea.
Tell the judge I'm not entirely comfortable with the courts choice of my representation.
Let's hope for a hung jury.
Mr. Reaper, I think it's advisable to start wearing a suit to these proceedings.
I'm hoping they'll declare a mythtrial.
Actually, your not doomed to indictment.
You're sure nobody saw your face?
I hope you're not losing your head over this trial.
Don't worry, it's traffic court. The jury will be on your side.
I think I can get you off if we can prove she binged at Chipotle.
Knock off the "Your time is at hand". A simple "yes or no your honor" is enough.
You're looking at the death penalty.
Remember, you were just doing your job.
Do you have any cloaks in soothing pastels?
Good news. It's a hung jury.
I'm quite sure you'll get life.
Lucky for you, we don't have the death penalty here.
I don't think smiling at the jury is helping our case
You realize seeking the death penalty for jaywalking is irregular.
Try to look at the bright side; You did steal the wheat but I think I can get you off for wrongful death.
As your attorney, pleading the Grim Reaper defense will not work in Salem.
I'd lose the hood. Show them you've nothing to hide.
You're lucky we're in California.
Of course security is going to take your reaper. I think the jury will recognize you anyway.
I think the bribery charge is the least of our worries.
Nah nah nah nah nah are not mitigating circumstances.
I recommend that you plead guilty and demand the death penalty.
Try to look alive on the stand.
The district attorney is going to ask for life. He says the death penalty is too good for you.
Avoid saying "dead right" and "dead wrong" when you are on the stand.
I say we plea bargain for the death sentence.
Don't worry, you're not the most guilty person I've defended.
Self-defense is going to be a tough sell.
I'm going to firmly assert, "If the hoodie doesn't fit, you must acquit!"
To tell you the truth, I don't know how they would handle the death penalty in your case.
I can't guarantee you life.
We can try for manslaughter, but honestly, it doesn't help that you're black.
I don't advise using "the devil made me do it" as an excuse.
I told you to wear a tie - you look a little intimidating.
They've offered you a great plea--I think you'll really reap the benefits.
His penchant for cheeseburgers definitely constitutes mitigating circumstances.
It's gonna be hard to beat this murder rap.
My advise is that you present "closing argument"
You're the reason blind submissions don't work.
Really? You? Pro-life?
Look, on New Year's Eve with everyone celebrating, a sickle is a dangerous weapon!
Fortunately this state doesn't have a you penalty.
No problem -- the death penalty is automatic in this case.
The judge is going to ask you to face the jury, and that's when I'll declare a mistrial for discriminatory practices.
Try to avoid eye contact with the jury.
Things are looking grim, Mr. Reaper.
Honestly, your only chance of getting off these charges is winning an election to public office
Don't worry, they can't sentence you for life.
Given the current field, I do believe you're on solid legal footing.. but, still- I strongly recommend waiting until 2020.
They're sentencing you to life.
I'm sorry to inform you that you've been given the life penalty.
Well, that's not what they mean by the hanging judge...
Let's call you The Angel of Involuntary Manslaughter.
Time to reap what you sow.
I don't think hiding the scythe is going to fool the jury.
In this case, the penalty would be yourself.
You want to put the death penalty "on" the table?
They have a heluva lot of circumstantial evidence.
"So you
I thought you understood me when I told you not to wear your hoodie to trial.
So, what brings you here?
Sorry, no habeas corpus without a corpus.
I'm sorry, but you are not allowed to plead the fifth commandment.
The "Force" is with you...
I want to help you, but when I say to give up the hoodie for a suit--just this once--that's what I mean.
Yes, it's called a 'wrongful death' suit, but don't take that personally.
I don't think the judge will buy that your name is Annon E. Muss
Let's keep the death penalty on the table.
Sorry, but i think the Judge will find you lack testamentary capacity.
So you will plead guilty as charged for doing your job?
I'm not sure that wearing a tie would help.
Why do the court think I'm responsible for Wall Street shorts?
Funny? I find nothing funny about the Judge wearing a robe.
We're screwed - this judge is pro-life.
Probably not a great idea to mention the scythe.
I'd say your prospects look grim.
If you're lucky, you'll get the death penalty.
I think it's to play the wraith card.
I'm sorry, but a life sentence is non-negotiable.
What game of chess?
Stop looking so grim.
No, you cannot threaten the jury.
No, the death penalty would be redundant.
Unfortunately, it's a capital offence.
"But they said it was a killer deal of a lifetime?
I need you to say you feared for your safety.
Did you go over all your aliibis?
Just face the jury with that blank look on your face.
They're just not going to buy that you were only following orders.
She also wants your scythe.
It's a good thing we're not in Texas
You might want to lose the hoodie.
They can't touch you.
Trust me; they haven't got a ghost of a chance.
Look, just try to appear upbeat. This jury looks sympathetic.
Somehow I just don't think that ' Guilty, With An Explanation' will work .
Remember not to make eye contact with the jury.
I think, in your case, we're going to have a tough time avoiding the death penalty.
If your found guilty you could get life.
I try and get you life.
As your accountant, I told you it was inevitable.
Of course your fingerprints weren't found, but the dead body isn't going to help you either.
Just like all the other times, be yourself - quiet and grim - and let me do the talking.
First time in probate court?
Ironically, this isn't a death-penalty state, so you don't have to worry about that.
He's going to ask for whom the bell tolls. Whatever you do, don't answer!
You're dealing with the IRS, so you might hold back on the death and taxes jokes.
Doc, you wouldn't recognize me anyway. You were too busy entering data into the computer.
Granted, for you it wouldn't be a real penalty, but they still want to have their trial.
Are you here for me or my case?
No, an appearance is never optional.
The prosecution is going for the death penalty.
Fortunately, a life sentence is out of the question.
Their facial-recognition evidence is pretty thin.
We got this. There's no defense against death.
The best I could do is life in prison.
I think we'll go with the black hole defense.
I know it's Halloween, but no one is presuming you innocent at this point.
Evidently, Face Time is dead.
I don't think self-defense is your best argument.
I know its not a jury of your peers...
I talked to the prosecutor, he's not going to seek the death penalty
Remain silent, like you're not here.
Yes, I'd bone D.A. Erin Reagan, too. Wait ... what do you mean by that?
Gassed or electrocuted ?
I need your optimism here.
I'm not sure you have the stomach for this.
At least they can't sentence you to death.
You were involved in 9/11 too? That's it! I'm the only one who would take your case, so if you want to beat this then from now on, you tell me everything.
I'm afraid there's no dodging the tax evasion charges.
To a jury, death doesn't become you.
The average age of the jury is 85. What do YOU think the chance of your getting a favorable verdict are?
No. I don't the court will let us call Beelzebub, the ruler of demons, as a witness.
No! We're petitioning for sole custody, not soul custody!
What did you do now Death
Your outcome is looking grim.
The hoodie isn't helping.
Good news, the Prosecution is not seeking the death penalty!
I'm not sure, but I don't think the judge likes dire prophecies.
I can't make any promises .. your rap sheet is the longest I've ever seen ... and jurors are turned off by the hoody.
We need to make this guy think he's looking Death right in the face.
This is serious. You could be facing the you penalty.
We'll fight to keep the life penalty off the table.
You seem to be making Juror #3 very nervous.
So we're sticking with the "Trick or Treat" alibi?
The defense rests in peace.
i know your past shouldn't prejudice the jury, but don't count on it.
You will be less threatening to the jury without the hoodie.
Right now it's a divorce case. Come back later.
Jack the Ripper is not the sort of character witness I had in mind.
Is that a new style huddie with a tail!
Whatever you do, don't look up.
I'm going to ask you one last time. Did you kill that man?
No, hung jury is actually NOT a good thing
I'm going to petition for more jury challenges.
I'd say looks rather grim right now Mr. Reaper.
This trial has become a real face-off.
I thought I told you- only the judge wears a robe. Now sit quietly and stop beckoning to the jurors.
Do your prefer Grim or Mr. Reaper.
It's all circumstantial. No skin on the hands means no fingerprints on the scythe.
you gotta stop with the pop-in
The jury will see your humanity once they look into your… um…
I think asking for the death penalty might create a conflict of interests.
Did my mother -in -law send you
I told you, no hoodies.
Wear the Gap hoodie tomorrow.
So, do you have any priors?
Tell the court that your job is to die for.
What do you mean, I'm in a lot of trouble if we lose?
So as you can see, your Honor, my client, who shall remain faceless, could not have been at the scene of the crime.
Nothing is certain but death and lawyers' fees.
If they ask what you do for a living, ix-nay on the eth-day.
... would a change of clothing have really killed you?
Remember, you're only here as an expert witness on mortality.
Where did you say you were from?
I know you're trying to make a point here, but we really should have settled out of court.
Assisted suicide is your best defence.
I think the death penalty is off the table
Chances are, you'll really like Death Row.
So what part of 'my client has nothing to hide' didn't you understand?
You can't take him literally, he means all dairy workers.
Look, let's wrap this one up before we discuss volume discounts, okay?
It's a class action on behalf of...it says here...everyone ever.
So getting you a Life sentence would be a good thing.
I suggest we go with the 'act of God' defence.
You're the typical wrongful death attorney.
Don't be alarmed. I was sent here to kill the bill.
I'm dying to hear the verdict too
Better let me do all the talking
The jury will like you better if you wear a suit and tie
Eliminating jurors - your way - won't help our case.
My plan is to use the empty hoodie defense
Wipe that guilty look off your face.
We can negotiate a plea to avoid a life sentence.
Is it OK if I were to refer to you as 'my client'?
So there's no other kind of "force" you're aware of using as an alibi?
Actually, I do identify with you in a Millennial sort of way...
Would it have hurt you to wear a suit and tie for once?
So if you get the death penalty, what are you worried about?
Juror 3 won't be back after lunch?
As your counsel, I strongly advise you not to always close your statements with 'because I can'.
At least I have a lawyer.
Eye contact with the jury is normally a good thing but the unblinking stare with eyes glowing like red hot coals is becoming counterproductive.
Don't worry - nobody cheats Death.
You have the right to remain silent.....but NOT invisible.
This should be a breeze - all my other clients are faceless corporations...
I’m sorry, I can’t object every time someone implies that murder is bad.
Somehow I don't think this is the best way to avoid suspicion, governor.
The judge will let you off if you "visit" his wife tonight.
The healthcare tax is coming down hard on diners.
Remind the jury that you also killed Hitler.
Eternal damnation seems reasonable
I think we can do better than the death penalty for a traffic violation.
How about this? I get you off and you let me live until Apple's no more.
The judge still resents you for taking his goldfish.
Can you arrange for a hung jury?
Try not to look at the jury. Ever.
No, I said I need a deft defense.
I know what you're thinking, but that's not what a "hung jury" means.
Really? Sure, I'll put you on the stand and you can beg for mercy, what have we got to lose.
As your legal counsel, I suggest you stop saying 'The GR is in the House'.
Try to look sorry.
We're sticking with mistaken identity.
I told you to appear grim, not like the grim reaper.
Remember: if the hood don't fit they must acquit.
It's not the killing, it's the blatant age discrimination that's going to be problematic.
Habeas Corpus not Rigor Mortis
Sorry, but this is the front row. Your seat's in death row.
No, I think it’s better if you leave the hood up.
I think you will get life.
The judge may perceive the death penalty as a conflict of interest.
Great news, the prosecutor is going for the death penalty.
This will go a lot easier if you would stop smiling like you're going to kill someone.
They've decided to take the death penalty off the table.
How shall I introduce you to as, to the Judge and Jury, "Meet Joe Black?" As to the charges against you: "Your Honor, may I ask the charges be dropped due to mistaken identity?
I think you should take the deal.
I don't think they'll be seeking the death penalty again.
I don't think we can plead lack of intent.
I already have a death sentence.
Trust me. I've been watching the O.J. tv trial!
They have you dead to rights, I'll see if we can settle.
Guess a death sentence hits close to home, eh?
'I was only doing my job,' probably won't help much.
Just remember -- we have science behind us.
I've told you repeatedly, the death penalty is not a plea deal.
I'm sorry; life without parole. I know you had your heart set on the death penalty.
Yes, I can ask the judge what is meant by "life in prison".
If you didn't kill him then who did?
Since the prosecution's case is based largely on facial recognition, you should walk.
Ironically, you're facing life in prison.
I think our best chance is to claim racial profiling. We should be able to get the 'black guy in a hoodie' description thrown out.
I'll ask for an adjournment, take a holiday.
It's not genocide if you killed without regard to race, creed or color.
Would it have killed you to wear a tie?
Your smell of death is not good for our case.
This plea deal will knock a few thousand years off your sentence.
He took a plea, if you want I'm you'll have to sit at the defense table!
You don't have to worry about the death sentence.
Yes, I get it, our case is dead.
hey whats up
Bad news. They're going for the 'you' penalty.
I can't put you on the stand. We both know you killed him.
I think I can get you the death penalty.
There's precedent for identity theft .
Putting you on the witness stand is probably a bad idea.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything else to wear
They're arguing that the plaintiff's life was not yours to take.
I got you a backstage pass to the Justin Bieber concert.
You may be the Grimm Reaper, but it's still Murder 1.
The bad news...you got Death...the good news...you are Death.
They're offering manslaughter, and I think you should seriously consider it.
They want the death penalty.
Juror #4 is asking that you stop staring at her like that.
Remember, I'm doing this pro bono.
A plea bargain?
Am I in trouble because I can't remember my password?
We're getting killed.
I wouldn't use that alibi.
The witness expired on New Year's Eve...'know anything about that?
You want me to ask the judge for a brief delay in the proceedings because you may have left your kitchen light on?
You're not eligible for the death penalty.
Don't worry, I was the Devil's Advocate all through law school.
The anonymous mask is better.
The jury ruled in favor of taxes--you, they're not so sure about.
Do me a favor and just point a finger at the jurors a few times during the trial.
Don't mention the war.
We'll try to get a postponement due to a death in every family.
So your defense plea is that, he was on your doorstep trying to cheat you?
I don't think anyone has ever plea bargained FOR the death penalty.
The trial consultant's analysis should shed some light on the jury's reaction to your signature "hoodie" look
Don't worry, we can appeal the death sentence on paradoxical grounds. I thought I told you to wear a suit.
I'm afraid you're going to get the Death penalty.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure they're gonna go with the death penalty.
Grim reaping is punishable by death.
Don't give me that blank stare. You can't have a balloon.
Yes, everybody knows death is certain. But so are taxes, and that's why we're here.
None of the plaintiffs will be testifying.
It was difficult to find a jury of your peers, but we think the easter bunny will lean in our direction.
Luckily, in this state there is no penalty for death.
See, I told you your sickle wouldn't make it through the metal detector.
I still need some documents proving that it is indeed your playground.
I think we can get you off with life.
This could go either way.
Income tax evasion? Really?
My fee is a soul
I told you business casual!
We'll convince the jury you were a victim of mistaken identity.
They're threatening to give life.
You have the right to remain passive.
Divorce Court
I'll be frank, your odds are grim.
We really need to change your image.
Don't forget to look directly at the jury and smile.
The evidence is merely circumstantial, there's no "smoking sickle"!
They found the scythe.
How many times do I have to tell you, taxes also!
You'd be dead if it weren't for me.
I'm gonna go ahead and suggest that you not testify.
Try not to look so smug.
It seems counter-intuitive but a death sentence is not actually in your favor.
No, you can't request the death penalty as damages in a civil trial.
No DNA, no fingerprints, no positive ID – we’ll beat this easy.
Can you give me 5 hours? I need to hit my billable requirement this month.
The IRS isn't ready to release you from your tax liability.
Try to be more upbeat when you take the stand.
At least try to show remorse.
Now they've got some character witness who says you hustled him at chess.
I think it's a bit too much for a parking ticket.
We're getting some push back on work release.
Plead the Fifth.
If this trial was in Manhattan, we might have a chance, but here in Brooklyn, they've outlawed death, so you're out of luck.
Relax—this judge is on record as being against the death penalty.
Worst case? They sentence you to you.
We can appeal, but I don't think a different judge will grant you the death penalty.
Has anyone seen your face?
You had to know the guards would take your scythe.
Well, he is known as "The Hanging Judge".
That would be a *hanged* jury.
Fortunately, there are no witnesses.
Does my elbow touching your elbow count as me being dead?
He's not buying the "It's my job" argument.
Death was the best I could do but I thought you'd be ok with that.
I don't care about your image. Take the manslaughter plea.
The good news is the Death Penalty is off the table.
I don't think the jury is buying into the domestic abuse defense.
Yes, chess is more thematic, but much less legally binding.
The defense wants to take you off the table.
It looks as if we have a hung jury.
No, they get to give that penalty too.
It's an open-and-shut case. Nobody remembers your face.
In your case, a death penalty is redundant.
The recess is just until your face grows back.
I advise you to stop pointing at members of the jury.
I'm sure you will be happy to hear it's a hung jury.
The judge gave you life...but don't worry, it isn't what you think.
Apparently we did need to make a distinction between 'Reaper' and 'Reapist'
Your looking at a life sentence.
They only have two alternates so go a little easy on the jury pool.
Their case is pretty circumstantial.
At least you'll have your own row.
I think you should lower the hood. We want to convey sincerity.
Don't worry, they aren't seeking the death penalty.
I distinctly remember asking you not to wear that.
They didn't find any finger prints. So, the evidence is circumstantial at best.
'This might be tricky, they have you at the scene'
The good news is that they won't ask for life.
Are you certain?
Well fortunately, aside from all the evidence mounted against you, I think we can safely rule out the death penalty.
You won't have to plead the 5th or anything else. Leave that to everyone else in the room.
Are you seriously asking me if you're going to get the death sentence?
Life is the best we can hope for.
Yes, it does look different from this side of the table Mr. Scalia.
The judge said 'go to hell' in a nice way
I realize "he had it comin", but let's stick with self-defense.
They found your fingerprints on the queen's bishop.
What's the worst you could get - Life?
I hope the prosecution doesn't try to show that there is a pattern here.
You can't change your plea hoping for a life sentence. The death penalty is still on the table.
Frankly, I don't think the outfit is helping us.
So you think our case is dead?
What's the difference between a sickle and a scythe again?
Wait, define "disorderly conduct."
Look, you're staring death in the face here.
If you'd listen to my advice about death and taxes you wouldn't be here.
Well, I wouldn't have chosen it but then again, I'm not guilty.
It's the third time that you did this when I asked about my bill.
I'm not sure that your claim that you are the Grim Reaper is going to clear you of a murder one charge.
You probably shouldn't have worn the hoodie today.
Looks bad, we've got a ghost of a chance of winning this case.
Well, it is a matter of life and death, but...you already know that.
Well, maybe if you didn't look so grim, we could get the jury on our side.
Which jury member?
Without the scythe, they got nothing.
I advise you not to testify. I don't think the jury will relate well to you.
Do you think they'll find me guilty? They Smite
We'll make the jury buy that the act was consensual.
Sometimes there is just no defense possible!
Luckily for you, it won't be hard to find a jury of your peers in this jurisdiction.
It's going well. This jury isn't going to vote against you.
So let me see if I understand you. You want to plea me down to death?
You will need to convince the jury that you're sorry and will never do it again.
As he looked into the face of Death; Hanratty had second thoughts about bringing up the subject of "Billable Hours" to his client.
Actually, a habeas corpus motion just might work.
No, you just have to wait until the next recess like everyone else.
you cant win for losin'
We can't excuse those who oppose the death penalty. You are the death penalty.
They said you'll be given a fate worse than you
"Our 12 friends might think the robe's cute, but the scythe could be a problem".
Shall I go "talk" to the jury?
I don't think the affluenza will work here
I'll do my best, but you may be looking at life.
Levitate to the stand and show the jury that you're not just another ass in a costume.
Just say that it's a family name.
Could you maybe lose the hoodie?
Stop acting like the sky is falling. This Trump thing will pass.
And whatever you do, do not stare at the jury.
You've got to lighten up and not let them see your dark side.
The judge is ok. With luck, I think I can get you off with death.
Don't mention the scythe.
Self defense? Each time?
Okay, when the new judge arrives, please let me do all the objecting and pointing of fingers.
well, at least you're not the devil.i would not like to negotiate any business deals with him.
Fake like your devastated if the judge sentences you to death.
The court will agree with your privacy concerns.
Your files came with this really long suitcase.
Was the shark at the dentist's?
Well, we're not in Silicon Valley. Here you look like the Unabomber.
Lose the blank stare.
What do you care? It's only 25 years.
You keep telling me I'm going to lose but I have confidence.
Hung jury is supposed to be a metaphor.
I'm pleading occupational hazard.
Look, Hiram, you can't stay here: the librarian thinks you should be in the prophet section.
Now try to look cheerful.
I'm pretty sure I'm immune to the death penalty.
So you don't think a plea bargain is workable?
We need to do better than "it's my job."
Would it kill you to wear a suit?
But , you've already received your sentence.
I'm pretty sure they're not going to let me enter an appearance as "devil's advocate," what's your second choice?
I think a saffron robe would look friendlier.
Take it or leave it. That's my final offer.
Do you care if the prosecutor is seeking the death penalty?
Given ALL of your priors, I have to say, it doesn't look good.
I can get the death penalty off the table but your going to have to stand .
Fortunately, they weren't able to lift any fingerprints off the scythe.
You shouldn't get life.
It's hard to put a good face on this.
It might make you feel better if you just play along.
Never mind taking the fifth. Just keep answering "NEVERMORE". A dozen of those and they will be eager for you to leave.
Did you have to wear that?
I know you have been doing this job for eternity but as I told you before, “I was just doing my job” is not a defense the jury is going to buy.
"God made me do it!" is not a defense that's ever worked before.
Mr. Reaper the possibility of aquital looks grim.
Have you ever worked on a capital punishment case before?
"Remember, don't smile"!
what do you mean anything but the "death" sentence ???
Wait, you WANT to be on Death Row?
I appreciate the enthusiasm, but it's going to take around 15 years and a few botched attempts first.
The judge has decided to move the trial away from Sleepy Hollow....
Plead not guilty then we'll implicate Father Time.
You're early--the penalty phase comes after the verdict."
I'm afraid they're seeking the death penalty.
Do you still have that buddy that can help you cheat death?
Would you consider community service in Corrections, just 'til we get this lethal injection thing sorted out?
I don't know who to bill !
If they sentence you to death, please don't gloat.
Our only chance is a hung jury.
A life sentence might cramp your style.
Taxes. Yep, you and taxes.
I thought we talked about not wearing the hoodie.
They're seeking the undeath penalty, but you can always appeal your resurrection.
Ironically they're seeking the death penalty.
Do you know the meaning of a "hung jury" ?
releasing all the Panama Papers....too much?
Can I get an extension?
You're not helping your case by laughing at the judge when he brings up the death penalty.
I specifically asked you not to wear a hoodie to court.
If they find you guilty, you'll get the Death Penalty.
Ironically, they're giving you life.
Well, yes, if one more juror dies it will be a mistrial. Why do you ask?
I'm fairly certain that you'll not get life.
I know it hurts your brand, but we should consider the manslaughter plea.
Just so I'm clear, your alibi is you were killing someone else at the time of the murder?
We need to soften your look, it's killing our case.
Is it hot in here, or is it me?
You could get life. It's unfortunate, but you have to appreciate the irony
Without the scythe I don’t think they have a case.
Tell Scalia this isn't a second amendment case
I defend politicians; this will be easy.
A tie might sway a few jurors.
Don't worry about saving face when you testify.
Ok, I got them to take the You Penalty off the table.
I can't organize a defense if you keep bugging me about playing chess.
Character witnesses may be an issue.
Um, yes I did say wear a dark suit.
What's the worst that could happen, the death penalty?
No Justice Scalia, you can not vote on this one.
They asking for the death sentence.
So you're in favor of the death penalty?
You're killing me with this "for all eternity" talk.
First we get the jury to like you.
OK Grimm, please don't go ruin your defense by saying how soooo pro-death penalty you are.
Must be nice to be able to bill in eons.
Look, I've been doing this for a long time, and I don't think dressing up in a coat and tie is going to help you with the jury.
You don't have a prayer.
You've got to stop saying 'All Deaths Matter.'
They're threatening to take Death off the table
No, really, who are you?
How do you feel about a life sentence?
I'm afraid that your chances of winning are grim.
Well at least the death penalty is off the table.
We'll plead insanity, because you have no head.
The case is looking pretty grim.
The bailiff warned us that the judge thinks you're trying to intimidate him, Mr. Reaper.
You could be facing the death penalty--if you had a face.
I don't care how many millennia you have been around or how many places you have been, only judges wear robes here now.
I convinced the judge that the death penalty would create a conflict of interest.
I get a splitting headache if I don't have my coffee.
We'll stipulate your scythe is a deadly weapon.
If the hood doesn't fit, they must acquit.
The judge doesn't agree with your statute of repose argument.
I'm not the one on trial here.
I don't think 'just doing my job' is a sound defense in this case.
I thought I told you to wear a tie.
If they find you guilty, getting life will be a miracle.
Wearing a gray hoodie really isn't going to help your case.
I'm just not sure the jury will buy your self-defense claim.
This is a life or death situation.
Looks like your only chance is a hung jury.
The judge would like you to stop "dismissing" jurors
The good news is: they don't really have anything on you.
Don't count on a sympathetic jury.
Best case scenario is they give you the death penalty.
Guilty. The good news is you're getting life in prison.
It's a hollow victory.
I think you should let me do all the talking.
Are you sure you want to take the stand?
Technically, death is a penalty.
The devil you say!!
You never know who the true person you are defending is.
What do you mean; "what's my date of birth"?
The death penalty is definitely on the table.
I asked you to dress solemnly, not gravely.
I've got some bad news, Mr Reaper. They've taken the death penalty off the table.
Good news: the prosecution couldn't find anyone willing to testify against you.
No, you're doing the closing.
I am sure the scythe is fine, just keep track of your claim ticket.
I'm gonna recommend the death penalty.
Any last words?
So--you can really make these parking tickets go away?
Relax, "death penalty" is just a figure of speech.
HOW many priors?
The Judge is willing to make a deal.
This is a murder case. You need to show more emotion.
Remember, you've never owned a scythe.
Hung jury is not what you think it is.
For the last time, there is no death penalty in this state.
Keep your mouth shut, that hood up and let me do the talking
For the last time, I'm not going to say "If the gloves don't fit, you must acquit!"
Try to keep a straight face.
Just take it as face value! I think we can win this case.
They're offering you the death penalty. I recommend you take it.
Apparently for you, death is not a penalty.
Look, I've already told you that we can't say you were "just helping him cross the rainbow bridge".
Ok. Now, remember. The key is to make sure you don't get life.
Stop telling the jurors you can't wait to meet them.
I'm telling you, a jury won't like the hoodie.
Looks like you've made it to Death Row again.
Will you be picking the jury or shall I?
Sorry, but there's no statute of limitations on murder.
Worst case? You get life.
I'll do the objecting. Stop with the sulfur.
You sure you want to enter a guilty plea...You'll be sentenced to 'Life'.
Don't worry, I'm gonna kill this guy on cross.
I understand that you were just doing your job, but 'prior bad acts' are admissable.
Whatever happens, you don't want to appear too...what's the word I'm looking for...
Just let me do the talking.
Get over it - there's no way to get your scythe through security.
Stop pointing at the jurors. We're running out of alternates.
I think we should file a petition for habeas corpus.
I know, but I've got a date to the prom tonight.
You are not really needed here. This is traffic court.
Let's not kid ourselves, the IRS is a tough opponent.
Settle? I don't think Mr. Webster stands a chance!
You got lucky it's a hung jury, they actually hung themselves."
I'll be honest, I'm not certain this judge will favor you over taxes.
Are you sure you want to seek a life sentence?
Remember "just doing my job" is not an affirmative defense.
I don't think "I was profiled because I was wearing a hoodie." is a winning defense.
“I say we plea bargin for the death penalty." - the Grim Reaper is actually the lawyer (my fave) or the other guy could be the lawyer (it's a two-for!).
Death Penalty? Really?
No, I won't say "The defense rests in peace."
Here comes the jury. Try not to look so grim.
I asked you not to dress like the judge.
If we don't like how it's going, let's strike the jury.
Yes, it's called a "wrongful death" case, but could you try to take it a little less personally?
Claim you were unfairly profiled.
You were just doing your job isn't going to cut it here.
Your prospects appear grim, Mr. Reaper.
Requesting the death penalty would seem self-serving.
Remember to tell the truth but don't bring up that death stuff
Remember, it was self-defense.
That's not exactly what 'hung jury' means, but I still think it's our best chance.
You may be a good teacher, but you still killed all your students.
The evidence is overwhelming. However, I think I can argue that the search for your scythe was unconstitutional.
So I told him, 'Not til Hell Freezes Over!'
Don't let them intimidate you!
Please! You can't let them give me the life penalty. I still have so much more to do in death.
The worst they can give is the you-penalty!
Good news. The jury is deadlocked.
I'm afraid the best we can hope for is a hung jury.
Technically, they can't give you a life sentence.
Stop snickering. The death penalty is a real thing.
Between you and me, it's hard defending someone who brings a scythe into the courtroom...
I don't care what you have on your business cards, for this trial you will be known as Billy Reaper.
I am not putting you on the stand!
I don't think we have to worry about the death penalty.
No, that's not what I meant by "the jury is deadlocked."
For the millionth time, I WANT life!
It would be good if you smiled more.
Unfortunately, it turns out the saying is correct. Taxes are as certain as you are.
You should probably consider actually letting this jury live.
I hope you don't think I'm doing this pro bono just to get on your good side?
I think I can get an acquittal if we can come up with a rhyme for "scythe."
If you insist on testifying on your own behalf, downplay the grim thing and talk up the reaping.
The judge will review our motion on the grounds that it was an authorized holiday.
Your testimony was a bit hollow.
I don't think they'll seek the death penalty. Too ironic.
Hey, you're early and as you can see, we're just getting started here. You must have caught the red eye in from Huntsville this morning.
It's just as we feared. They're going for the YOU penalty.
No, I still don't like the providing-a-public-service defense. Just keep killing the judges, okay?
Your testimony may have grim reapercussions.
We need to find you a stronger alibi.
We're going to go with the death sentence.
123456788
Stick with "Death doesn't kill people - people kill people," and you'll be fine.
There's no jury alive that will convict you.
The outfit's not helping, OJ
Frankly, you've got the face of a killer.
Don't worry, they're going to give you life.
Quite frankly, I think your getting off light with the death penalty...
It's working. You're scaring the jury.
Sorry, sir, but I don't own a blue tie.
Nobody avoids taxes.
The irony is they want to give you the death penalty.
Next time you identify someone, don't point, just nod your head
With your background, I recommend you cop a plea.
I'm afraid Death's still on the table.
You have a right to remain silent.
OK. I'll ask for the death sentence.
I don't think wearing a conservative suit and tie would have killed you… You know what I mean.
I don't think it sat well with the jury when you said your hobbies were spontaneous combustion and Ebola.
No, that won't fly; it really was worse than taxes.
It's worse than we thought.
If we take a plea deal, I might be able to get your sentence reduced to negligent homicide.
Just plead the 5th. It works for everyone else.
If I get you out of this, can you promise me I'll never see you again?
I keep telling you, "It's what I do," is not a viable defense.
Ironically, they want to give you life.
You should have declared your stock income.
You know on the stand, you'll have to bare your soul
Its a pretty big list. Can't you just pick out the famous ones?
Keep it on, they won’t look at you as a terrorist.
Stop looking so happy when they discuss a possible death sentence.
Unfortunately, they abolished the death penalty.
Turns out Double Jeopardy does not prevent them from executing you again. Bummer.
Yes, I'm all for the death penalty, but this is traffic court.
And then you say, "Tobacco? What's that?"
I think we have a solid case for a decision to award royalties from The New Yorker.
The jury wants the death penalty. That's as good as an acquittal for you!
Don't worry, you have a solid alibi. Someone else somewhere died at the same time as this victim.
This is the part where the death penalty is considered. As your lawyer, I suggest you consider not addressing the court.
And if I lose my case?
Ironically, You GOT life.
Quit making eye contact with juror #3.
The best we can hope for is a hung jury.
Just to let you know, they're seeking the death penalty.
It's tax season, make them remember that.
Remember what I told you. You don't know anything about Christmas future, and you've never seen that Scrooge guy before the trial.
You Honor, I've told him a hundred times that this is pro bono, but he keeps insisting that someone is going to pay for all this.
How are things in Braavos?
I'll get the case dismissed for your inability to face your accuser.
Don't worry. They may find you guilty, but you won't get the death penalty.
I'm grateful for the option, but the Trump court has yet to determine the specifics of "fate worse than death."
They can't acquit, the hood actually fits
We may be in trouble here, they found your distal phalanx on the scythe.
I'm guessing this has something to do with Operation Car Wash!
What's the worst they can give me?
You can't go along passing yourself off as Mark Zuckerberg without repercussions.
Sorry, the death penalty is not being considered.
It IS life affirming. You're sentenced for life, for god's sake.
Death penalty? You'll be fine.
Try not to make eye contact with the jury.
Remember to smile and make eye contact with the jury.
Maybe I should have ordered my anvil to go...
Hoodie vs. suit and tie? The debate continues.
So you're asking me to convince the jury that your cashmere hoodie is at the cleaners?
The vows clearly said you can just leave.
It's 2016. They're a protected class. You should have known better.
At this point the pale horse wouldn't hurt your case.
The thing is ... courts in this State are pro-second Amendment and 'open carry', but a sickle, that's a whole different issue.
No, you can't be the executioner.
Are you referring their homes as legal pads?
You're kidding, right?
Max von Sydow refused to be a character witness.
They aren't buying our discounted future earnings.
Let's just say it looks suspicious when their witnesses keep dying.
You are fortunate that 140 billion are getting thrown out due to the statute of limitations.
Don't look so grim Leonard-its only a minor traffic violation!
I have a really hard time believing this win is good for me.
I'll try to get you life.
I gotta be perfectly honest here. Your situation is pretty grim.
The court don't have no mercy in this land, either.
For the next two weeks, I'm going to need less grim.
Usually the jury doesn't reach a verdict this fast. Could be good?
Good lord, that's a terrible alibi.
There's no way this jury will find you not guilty.
Try not to look like a death threat.
I don't think the jury is going to buy the 'Dead men tell no tales' defense.
If all else fails we are going for a death sentence.
Now be nice! Remember the jurors are also future clients.
Mind you, outside Texas we'd call it a misdemeanor.
I wouldn't worry about the penalty phase.
You're not the type to hold a grudge are you?
Wear a tie, take the fifth.
This is the IRS hearing. The Equifax meeting is next week, Mr. Ghost.
Luckily, they can't extend prison sentences to eternity.
This is your first offense, right?
I'm not going to lie to you, things look grim.
Not to worry. Celebrity defendants never get convicted.
Your hoodie is sentenced to ten years with no parole.
So we'll ask for clemency. They've got you dead to rights on that shell game business.
We're good, as long as they don't bring up your priors
I must have told them 100 times it tastes like concrete!
Opposing counsel is willing to cut a deal...his mother-in-law lives at 42 Maple Lane.
Im not sure how to tell you this.... but they gave you death.
You call that your smile?
Finding a jury of your peers was hell.
As your attorney, I don't recommend requesting death.
Don't worry. The death penalty is illegal in this state.
But doesn’t a plea bargain for a life sentence seem a bit ironic?
I say we go for heaven
Stop it. I’ll handle jury selection.
Keep the scythe hidden, and try to be a little less grim.
It's a capital case! You might have to 'do' yourself, mister I'm so tough!
You really thought you could get away with tax evasion?
We all know you did it so don't give me the sad puppy-eye look because it just doesn't work for you.
I suggest a habeas corpus defense.
It's completely circumstantial; it could have been anyone's scythe.
We've got an Evangelical jury. Try to play more "Angel" than "of Death".
'It was his time'? So we're going with that?
You could throw yourself on the mercy of the court?
If you get the death penalty, don't laugh.
I don't think the cloak is helping you with the jury...
Perhaps 'The devil made me do it.' is not your best defense.
You're going to need a tax attorney.
What do you mean by natural causes?
Stop saying things look grim.
Deny, deny, deny
Although you usually command respect, Senate committees talk over everyone.
Remember, you were at home watching “What Not to Wear.”
How can you plea the 5th when you don't even have a face?
No, you can't be judge, jury, and executioner.
Just to play it safe, let the judge see your face.
Tax evasion? I mean, you of all people.
This is my first death penalty case!
I keep explaining to you that we can't ask for the death penalty in a civil case.
How do you know the jury is hung?
I hate to tell you this, but you don't have a "chance in hell"of being acquitted.
Let's put you on the stand in your defense.
I know you, your the return of a ghost hoped past
Trust me on this. Loose the Hoodie!
No. The death penalty is not just a time out.
You're not doomed.
Would it kill you to at least pretend to feel remorseful?
With any luck, the prosecutor will go for the Death penalty.
Honestly, I don't think anyone will believe she broke the infidelity clause.
The prosecution says you should be on their table.
Inevitability is not a defense.
If the prosecutor asks you to state your name, just plead the Fifth.
There's justice then there's blind justice!
Remember--try not to look so grim.
Yea, it will be a hung jury.
Oh man, you smell like... forget it.
This is not my doorstep.
For God's sake Terrence, all you did was shoplift!
The judge said that feeling hollow inside is not an adequate defense.
I think we can get it reduced to manslaughter.
Well you knew what they say about death and taxes...
I know you want a hung jury but they've got you on tax evasion!
'He said that if you harvest one more juror, he's going to hold you in contempt."
We have to establish a jury connection. What are you scared of?
I told the judge you'd be willing to extend his life sentence if he gets rid of yours.
Stop chuckling every time they mention death.
As an expert witness try smiling less.
If a jury can find O.J. innocent, I'm sure you'll be fine.
When the prosecution says it "rests," stop saying "in peace" afterwards.
Remember, you can't face the jury.
I know I'm the best defense attorney in the country....but would it kill you to try looking a little more life affirming?
Do you want to plead as a corporation or a person?
No! I'm not pushing for the death penalty - you always want that!
I know you invented it.
No I don't think you should take the stand!
Our strategy is simple-- go for the death penalty.
You promised to wear a tie.
Geez, are you that afraid to face the jury!
I hear you, I just think the death penalty is going to be a stretch for jaywalking.
Mister Death, even you have to pay your taxes.
Next time you Object, try saying it in your spooky voice.
As your attorney, I need to know where your head is at.
'Seriously? That's your only suit?'
A recommendation for mercy might be a tough sell.
It seems that all their witnesses are missing. Do you know anything about this?
How many death penalty cases have you won again?
What do you mean, have I ever been an attorney for an eternal client before?
Let me explain how the death penalty works.
Are you certain that you're certain?
So - are you okay with the death penalty?
Remember, you were just harvesting grain.
I understand you're cold natured, but . . .
This is traffic court, there's no pleading guilty and asking for the death penalty.
They're seeking the YOU penalty.
I know it's just a parking ticket, but you're still looking at manslaughter.
They want to know where your body's buried.
The only thing certain would have been Scalia.
But it just isn't happening at the other campaign rallies.
Traces of your DNA have not only been found at the scene of this murder, but at every murder ever.
I'll ask for it to be commuted to life.
Well you're not making jury selection any easier.
I think I can get you life. Will that be weird?
Say what you always say. Tell them exactly what happens.
I remind you again. This is not a death penalty state.
I thought you said you'd only charge an arm and a leg!
You look awfully grim.
That witness is looking a little sick. Need I say more?
Hell is whenever I'm with you.
Your tonsure is telling
Look, I don't want you coming across like just another empty suit.
Don't worry Senor. Now that you are a client of Mossack Fonseca Wealth Management you can focus on your day job and we'll take care of your tax affairs.
What's the worst that could happen?
The plaintiff is having trouble facing you.
Talk about a dead-to-rights case.
Two things - I think you should take the stand, and what was Elvis like?
Would you be willing to do community service?
I'm going to need you to stop hanging the jury. Thanks.
Whew...I can't wait for this week to be over...
We may have an issue with your likability among jurors.
Don't worry, the jury likes you!
Are you sure they didn't see you?
Halloween is tomorrow
I told you, we're not in France. Besides, they don't do that anymore.
Acquittal shouldn't be a problem...after all, this is a 'no death penalty' state.
Thanks for not bringing the scythe
The reaper is admissible, but I'm objecting to calling it grim.
Uh, what are you doing here?
I will not let you take the stand wearing that "hoody" it will send the wrong message to the jury.
Don't worry...the death penalty is off the table, the most you can get is life.
I do believe I'm having a near-death experience.
But you only spent one night in Rikeres
I asked you to not wear the hoodie.
I told you not to wear your hoodie to court.
Your creative interpretation of the RICO Act could be much more efficient.
Do you think the glove will fit?
You HAVE to face it now Sheldon! The judge is giving me that look.
I can get you life.
I think we should plead the death penalty.
They're charging you on a 100 billion counts
Great idea! Your defense is really going to kill them.
Death, be not proud.
Yes, I'm certain we've made a good case against the death tax.
Death penalty? Who do they think they're kidding?
Let's just say I had expected your taxes to be a pretty certain come April 15th.
That outfit isn't helping your case.
Look, Death, the hoodie’s not helping your case here.
You've been sentenced to death. Then again, that's probably your call when it actually happens.
We'll argue mistaken identity.
Try to look earnest, but not too earnest.
Are you SURE the Devil made you do it?
Don't worry about the death penalty
Let's see if I can talk them down to accessory after the fact.
What do you mean YOU want to make the closing statement?
I want a different lawyer for the punishment phase.
If we lose this case, you're dead to me.
It's looking like afterlife in prison.
You should be more worried about the tax evasion charge.
We have to do some real work here to overcome your bad press.
When you take the stand, don't say, "He had it coming."
I was just doing my job is not really a good defense in this case
Keep in mind that you did kill, well, everyone ever.
Try to look less guilty.
Be not proud. It won't play with a jury.
The judge is threatening to impose the life penalty.
Cross your fingers, I think I can get you the death penalty.
Try not to sound emotional.
The judge doesn't want you approaching the bench for any reason.
The other party is taking a less literal view of the agreement's 'drop dead date.'
This would be a good time to look every juror in the eye.
The prosecution wants life.
Things are looking a bit grim.
Juror 6 is looking a little woozy. Please tell me that's because not of you.
Don't complicate this by giving them the death stare.
Look, we can plea down to misdemeanor possession of a scythe, but I can't do anything about the murder charges.
Relax. The worst that can happen is you'll get sentenced to yourself.
I don't think we're going to get much traction arguing that the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment.
The public has a bad perception of us lawyers
The good news is they aren't asking for the death penalty...
It looks grim, Reaper.
Just let me do the talking, please.
We'll get the trial moved to another planet
Losing the scythe is a good start. Now about the hoody.
Try to tone it down. I don't think yelling 'I'll see you in hell' at the prosecutor is going to help your case.
For heavens sake MOM, it's only a parking ticket.
I'm confident. Everyone on the jury is over 80
Good news, it's only the death penalty.
Why didn't you wear your Justin Bieber mask like I told you to?
I think I can get you off with time served!
I'm basing your defense on no proof of intent.
I think you can get a reduced sentence if you'll admit to that whole WWII thing.
You could have at least worn a tie.
I'm telling you, you have to face the facts.
Yes, but in the legal system, you need to make them whole.
Fidel who?
Keep it up and the outcome will be grim, too.
I've talked them down to 100 billion consecutive life sentences. Take the deal.
No, you can't request the death penalty just to 'get out of here'.
Just one juror not on your list, and we are home free.
I think we can avoid the death penalty if you promise not to do it again.
If you are found guilty, may I have your sickle collection?
Stop pointing at the jury and telling them that one day you will be coming for them.
I don't think, "I barely touched him" is going to be a strong enough defense.
I'd say not to worry, because this is Texas and they need you, but on the other hand, this IS Texas.
Remember our deal: If I successfully defend you for killing everyone who ever lived, I never see you again.
Don't worry, there's an obvious hole in their case
I'm not sure he can do this, but the judge just gave you the death penalty.
Sorry, but I don't think we can ask for the death penalty in a bankruptcy case.
They have 100,000 years of evidence...Our chances look grim..
I told you to ditch the hoodie. It scares people.
"Yes, I got it Mr. Brown - I was acting in self defense".
"Til death do us part" does NOT give you carte blanche.
I’m not sure if it’s irony or synergy, but I started out as a tax attorney.
It's not a jury of your peers, but a jury of their fears.
So, how go things in The Hood?
Without the scythe, they're just pointing fingers too.
This being a capital case, there may be a conflict of interest here.
I can't defend you if you keep killing the prosecutors.
I'm so tired of these wrongful death lawsuits.
You're being charged with 100 billion murders.
you're not the judge, jury, nor executioner
Okay tomorrow wear a 3 piece suit
It may be a little grim, but we are taking this one to the grave.
Five 99-year sentences, running consecutively, sounds harsh, but I doubt you're in more than 70 years tops.
I feel like I'm playing devil's advocate here.
We'll prove the Grand Jury your actions were perfectly commensurate with your duties...
How about we make "die trying" the backup plan?
I don't think "If the hood don't fit we must acquit" defense will work here.
Remember to smile when you take the witness stand.
Don't look so grim! Reap trials almost always come down to he said, she said.
I've filed a motion for change of venue to Hades.
If we lose, you may be looking at the life penalty.
Please stop looking that way towards the jurors.
We'll appeal if you get life.
Frankly, I'd rather be defending you than taxes.
You're facing life.
So how long have you been a public defender?
I don't care that it wasn't flattering, you still should have worn the navy blue suit.
Don't look at me like that.
I tried..but when you're dead you're dead !
It's judgment day
No, I don't think "More Cow Bell" will help
I think we should discuss the possibility that your next stop is the twilight zone.
I think the best option is to plead guilty and ask for the death penalty.
Be yourself with the Jury, or else they'll see right through you.
Mr Reaper, if you know anything about that scythe, now would be the time to tell me.
You want a change of venue? How's Pluto? Is Pluto good?
This defamation suit against Deep Purple was a mistake.
You're dead to me.
They call you, Robin Hoodie.
I don't believe I can argue against the death penalty, all things considered.
I guess, this is it.
Do you think you could do anything about juror number 3?
And your profession is still viewed favorable to mine.
Grimm, can you take it easy with the chain rattling? You're scaring the jury.
Well, they can't accuse you of being a two faced liar.
I don't mean to rain on your parade, but the death penalty is serious.
Going with reasonable doubt. You good with reasonable doubt?
Is there anything missing from your testimony?
Honestly things are looking grim. They have a killer case against you.
She never said anything about a prenup.
Well yes ... there will be hell to pay. But how much? ... and can we talk them down?
I don't think "when your time's up, your time's up" satisfied the jury.
You can't just hang the jury.
Any words of optimism
Okay--she's offering joint custody of the other three housemen, but she wants the beach house in return.
What? I just got this dry cleaned.
Surrender the scythe; you walk.
Look, I know you don't usually do this, but in this case I really think you ought to accept the plea deal.
Things are looking pretty grim.
Listen, Leroy. Quoting the Unabomber is not helping your case.
Your scythe may only be symbolic, but it is admissible.
Your hoodie and your fingers still gives you away.
Of course, you have the final say.
"Reaping what you sow" is not a good defense.
Have a snickers when court recesses...you're not you when your hungry.
From the Grim Reaper "So... Do I get my Sythe back?"
Go with the judge. A jury won't order an injunction on a fountain of youth.
Do you rather I begin with Milton or Pratchett?
Remember, he was dead before you got there.
Worse case scenario, they give you life.
To be honest, I'd be surprised if you get life.
They're giving you life.
Maybe I should not have hired a lawyer who was in the witness-protection program.
Don't worry. The death panalty's off the table.
Don't worry, all they have on you is loitering.
I'm worried the cloak makes you look unsympathetic.
The chances of a conviction are grim.
Yes, but they can't prove that it's YOUR scythe.
"For the record, is 'Gangsta in the Hood' your legal name?
I'm worried about jurors number 5, 7 and 8. They look quite ill, wouldn't you agree?
What happens if the sentence is life imprisonment?
Well, really, it's not cruel OR unusual for you, is it?
Great news. The judge has approved our plea bargain for the death penalty.
Don't worry, there's no death penalty in this state but you might get life... OK?
OK. Let me explain something about an affirmative defense. First, you must stop replying to every question with "Damn you!"
They're enhancing the charge to aggravated reap.
Your chances look pretty grim.
'Their time was up' is not a good defense.
That's what you're wearing? Work with me here.
Not your actual work suit - a suit you would wear to work.
The statute of limitations has expired on your case against Methuselah.
I know, I know, they told me they were out of lethal injection drugs.
A lot of my clients have been profiled for wearing a hoodie.
We can do this, but you've got to lose the hood.
But the most hurtful part was being accused of lacking judgment.
They agree to drop the weapons charge if you plea to the lesser, failure to appear in court.
It doesn't matter that his name was on your list.
Look, I still think that this is your best bet of getting Cheney.
You are against the death penalty?
Can you at least TRY to look a little less grim?
So you're taking the fifth?
There is a real possibility you could get the live penalty.
Remember your occupation is, "paradigm transition specialist."
The problem is mainly the hoodie.
Plead the 5th amendment.
So you know that they are asking for the death sentence
Would you like a mint?
Now as your lawyer I must remind you that no one gets out alive.
Unfortunately that's not what they mean by habeus corpus.
I know the death penalty thing appeals to you but this is only a minor traffic violation
It doesn't help that you look like hell.
Have you pissed anyone off?
If they give you the death penalty, try not to do your happy dance.
Remember, our position is "Scythes kill people."
Well, yes the outfit is a problem.......
O.K!, O.K!, pro bono it is.
Tomorrow I think you should go with the orange jumpsuit.
Since you're being charged with a capital offense I think I can get you released on your own recognizance.
We'll just say it was self-defense.
I told you not to show your face around here!
Stop asking to shake the prosecutor's hand.
On the good side, nobody can identify you for sure.
I may have to tell you something GRIM.
I'll go after her on Benghazi and the emails. If that doesn't work, you're up.
You want to offer the Judge 10 MORE years?
'The justice system sucks' is not actually an admissible plea.
You're lucky, this state has no Death penalty.
So you thought he said "today" rather than "not today"?
Don't worry, there's no death penalty.
Lose the hoodie before the judge gets here.
At least the Guillotine should be off the table.
What exactly do you mean, "bored to death"?
I'll have you out of here by lunch Mr.Trump.
I think our best bet is to plead down to justifiable homicide.
You're facing the death penalty.
Don't you worry. This free healthcare bill won't ever leave this room!
Maybe you could kill less people.
Looks like the Supreme Court is tied -- four say he's dead, four say he's alive.
The prosecution is killing me?
You're looking at Life without a plea.
Ah you really meant it when you said a life sentence just wouldn't be possible.
To gain the jury's sympathy I advise you to be not proud.
Don't look so grim, you reap what you sow!
Sir, this is a tax case--I am certain we can win on appeal.
No. They're not sentencing you to "just be yourself."
Like I always advise TNY Ghost Writers,.......Take the Fifth!
You should be happy the death penalty is off the table.
Listen....I was just doing my job is not a defense.
You told me to keep a low profile.
If you owe more than $10,000 in Back Death Taxes, call us today. We're former 'IRS' workers that will work directly with the 'IRS' on your behalf. Don't take on the 'IRS' alone. Give us a call. Operators are standing by.
Should I ask for the death penalty?
They would like to know where you were between 1665 and 1666.
Yes, I know, you already are dead man walking.
Tell them your part was inevitable.
Just because I wear hoodie, people assume I'm guilty.
You understand that I'll get 50 percent and that you can't take your share with you.
Weirdly, no one wants to challenge your testimony.
I realize your a Public Defender, but could you at least dress more optimistically?
Keep a poker face, the jury will be watching.
Try to smile when you're on the stand.
Legally, I don't see a way out of this.
He already said claiming to be the God of Death is not a defense in a court of law.
The death penalty is not usually considered a reward here.
If you took your hood off, you could help your case so much more.
No, this would NOT be an appropriate time to tell the judge his sentence.
I've got to be honest...your case is looking grim.
Looks like you're going to get "life".
We can't just ask for the death penalty as our first motion.
You need to sharpen your Scythe We are going for the death penalty!
Did you have to wear the same hooded sweatshirt?
Yes, it would appear that there is a third certainty when you wear a hoodie on the streets of America
Your case is looking grim
I would really advise against the 'it was his time anyway' defense.
You're correct. As Death the death penalty presents a meta-defense problem.
You are looking at the 'you penalty.'
Request a death sentence?Clever.
No need to hide your face
Sure they found blood on the scythe and found me holding it over the body but it's not mine!I'm the victim here, really!
I don't want to harp on this, so to speak, but your hoodie is sending the wrong message.
At this point your case looks pretty grim!
.....remember now, do not bring up your involvement with Death.
Our defense is going to be that you were "paranormal" at the time of the robbery.
I appreciate you see the case as res judicata; even so I'd like to earn my fee.
We're good-this judge is pro-death penalty.
Trust me. This is not the end.
Don't worry. I'll kill him on the cross-exam.
In this case I'll be referring to you as "my client". Mr. Death may not play well with the jury.
Would it kill you to smile?
I'm feeling good about a hung jury!
How could you even tell that the business suit you were supposed to wear to court today was one size too small?
They found taxes inevitable, so we have a good chance.
"Cross my heart and hope to die" isn't going to cut it.
I Heard that the judge has a bad ticker
I can't tell the judge that your name is also your job!
No, despite what you may think, a hung jury does not mean you can go back to work.
The jury has a sense of humour. They're suggesting life imprisonment.
We couldn't Find any peers for the jury
The coat and tie didn't work for you?
I told you this job was soul-sucking.
You do realize that my client is charged with loitering, don't you?
We'd like to request a brief recess to, uh, kill your Honor.
I plea bargained from attempted murder to practicing acupuncture without a license.
Would it have killed you to have worn a suit?
ALL of them?
We have to find a glove that doesn't fit you.
Soon you will be free to show your face.
Don't worry, giving you the death penalty would be suicide.
We're gonna have to work on your image.
Trust me. I'll get you your continuance.
Things look pretty grim, Mr. Reaper.
Please stop referring to it as the "you penalty".
Pardon my asking, but aren't you sitting at the wrong table?
Try to make eye contact with the jurors
Don't worry, they have no positive ID on you.
You've never before had a restraining order?
I believe that your courtroom attire is not helping our case.
You cannot expect to escape The Chair by using the Unabomber Defense!
We're all requesting a continuance
If you're found guilty, you'll get life.
Don't worry about it. They can't even spell "scythe".
Honestly, it looks pretty grim, Reaper.
Don't be so grim.
I know that you have your rights, but let me do the talking.
They want the You Penalty.
This will not be another hollow victory.
No fingerprints on the sickle, right?
Yes, but in a murder trial you're a penalty not just a fact of life.
You seem familiar, but I can't quite place the face.
I don't think an appointment in Samarra works as an alibi.
Is it too late to ask you where you went to law school?
Remember, she was already dead when you arrived.
You probably could've gotten away with it if you didn't post those photos on Instagram.
Did anyone see you in Samarra?
The death penalty?" "But this is a traffic violation!
Our case looks grim.
Where are your character witnesses again?
Sentencing could be rough - you've got a lot of previous...
They weren't able to get any prints off of the scythe.
I suppose the death penalty won’t be a problem for you.
I am too busy to die move on
You can't get the death penalty if you're already dead.
I take it that the death penalty is not going to be an issue.
They'd settle for eighty years, with no dementia.
Can you hold off until the legal bills are paid?
They're checking for precedent on Habeas Spiritus.
We're going to make them identify you on the stand.
Look. There's no way I'm putting you on the stand. I think your best bet is to stare at juror #3.
I must warn you. Juries never find disappearing acts convincing,
Be prepared for the worst, the judge's goldfish died yesterday.
I feel pretty good about our chances for a change of venue.
I'm certain I can get you off the death penalty.
What happened to the emoji I told you to wear?
Don't mention your occupation.
Hey, buddy. I know you were just minding your business, but they'll arrest any dark figure wearing a hoodie.
OK... You'll will get 20 % every time someone says, prints, or by any way communicates the phrase, 'Death & Taxes'!
You don't think we can actually win, do you?
This case is a killer.
Trust me, the facts speak for themselve.
I can't object. It's actually called the Death Penalty.
There's no law against cheating death, unfortunately.
So far, the "intimidating the witness" strategy seems to be working.
When you take the stand, don't be yourself.
I'm thinking this is my last case.
I recommend you take the plea bargain
Remember to maintain good eye contact with the jurors.
Your death sentence is being appealed.
I realize that you've been doing it for millennia, I just don't think that's a viable defense...
Quit putting the death penalty back on this table.
My best guess is the plaintiff is either suicidal, or he's looking to recover enough to pay his medical expenses. Why else would he sue you for malpractice?"
Stop staring at the jury -- there are no more alternates.
Bad news. The police found the scythe.
Goodbye Winston.
Would it kill you to lose the hoodie?
And remember - hesitating during cross examination is the kiss of death.
The court will go lighter on you if you plead guilty to operating an ESCORT SERVICE instead of claiming to be the HARBINGER OF DEATH.
No, I'm only 30, I've just billed 99 years of work to my clients.
No, a hung jury does not mean they all die.
Yes, it would be ironic if you got the death penalty.
Do you think it’s a good idea to wear a hood Mr. Simpson?
I don't intend to put you on the stand.
The IRS will never collect- its either Death OR taxes.
Don't forget to smile.
We need to get the jury on our side. Look them in the eyes.
"I was just following orders" is not going to work for you.
I thought you said you were deaf.
I don't believe that the Uniform Code of Grim Reaper Conduct is recognized in this jurisdiction.
Your prospects are looking grim.
Good news. The prosecutor agreed to the death penalty.
Let's plea bargain for the death penalty.
I don't think it's wise to tell each juror when you intend to visit them.
And please try not to touch the bailiff while you're being sworn in.
Yes, Mr. Scrooge is suing for defamation. All you have to do is nod and point.
No pun intended, but you have to face the facts
Finding an unbiased jury might be a problem.
Relax… a death sentence gets your released on your own recognizance.
Coincidence? You've identified at every crime scene!
I don't think we have to worry about a death sentence.
In the ultimate irony, they're going to sentence you to life.
Seriously, sir. I want the death penalty
I heard the prosecution was scared to death.
I realize the hoodie is part of your brand, but in this social context it's counterproductive.
Our defense is looking rather grim, Mr. Reaper
When you testify, try to convey your repentance.
The jury's going to want to know if you're in favor of the Death Penalty.
Believe me, I'm trying to get you the death penalty.
They must convict, if the hoodie fits.
As your attorney, I recommend you take the plea deal.
So, the guy was already dead when you got there?
Well yes, if six or more of the jurors suddenly died at the same time a mistrial would be declared, but what are the odds of that happening?
I'm ethically precluded from advising you what to do, but, yes, if their star witness were to die, the case would be dismissed.
We just have to convince the jury you were on holiday.
You must testify that he died of supernatural causes.
It's just a formality. You'll win in the end.
Frankly, it looks grim.
I don't care if they do give me the death penalty!
I hope you have your affairs in order.
Try to look conflicted, it will work better with the jury.
So this is what you are going with,what are you? who are you?
Please just stop with the, "I am death," speech. Okay?
If you want a shot at winning this, you really should consider getting a new suit.
...And the last possibile outcome is that you receive the ultimate punishment--the Life Penalty.
Will the unveiling be done at Halloween?
I told you to lose the hoodie It screams guilty.
Lucky for you we may get you off with involuntary manslaughter.
Now that denial and anger are out of the way, they should be ready to bargain.
Good news! The Prosecutor said the death penalty is off-the-table.
Look, the jury knows you're responsible for the deaths of billions. So if I can get a plea deal for reckless endangerment, we should take it.
He said, 'Will the accused please face the court.'"
At least try to look remorseful?
Remember, this jury does NOT appreciate 'Gallows Humour'...
I will check their I.D. next time.
...on the other hand, none of the survivors can positively identify you.
No, I'm sorry this is not a death penalty state.
It's still considered a penalty in the eyes of the law.
It's the penalty phase I'd worry about.
From what I've gathered, you're already serving multiple life sentences - what's one more.
I don't care if you just came from the WPT, this is a court of law and you should dress appropriately.
To win this thing, we'll need to show the jury the sensitive soul behind that horrifying abyss you call a face.
She may have said it, but where's the evidence that she agreed "until death do us part"?
For contest of April 4, 2016: "Someone's going to be one brick short of a load."
Should I bill your corporate or personal account?
So, what's our closing argument?
Trust me on this, we want a hung not a hanged jury.
The judge asks that you remove your hood.
We're trying to put a good face on your case.
Getting visitation rights will be tricky
How come the Judge never overrules YOUR objections?
I think we should take the plea deal. They've got a pretty strong case
"Whatever you do, don't smile at the jury".
Sure the hoodie hides your hair well enough, but the name Trump carries a lot of baggage these days.
You're being charged with aiding and abetting.
I'm not saying to dress uncomfortably, I'm just saying hoodies are a bit fraught these days.
Headless horseman defense will not work
I thought you understood --- this is Civil Court --- there's no jury, so we can ditch the theatrics.
Remember, you were only the ferryman.
Life without parole is your best bet
How did you manage not to escape detection?
It's going to be up to the jurors to determine if the hood fits.
Well, I do appreciate the irony. But, I still doubt a mens rea defense will work--since you, of all people, should know that you had to pay your taxes by the 15th.
Defending yet another shady figure. Good thing justice is blind.
I advise you to take the Fifth.
They couldn't come up with a jury of your peers, so we're going with a bunch of Trump supporters.
At least she won't be able to identify you.
Good news! I got your second life term cut in half!
Wait, I'm getting life? This should be interesting.
I'll plead guilty by death through me
I'm pinning our hopes on re-branding.
You might like it on death row.
So how do you feel about the color orange?
No, having drinks with Freddy Krueger would not be a good alibi.
And keep calm on the stand; remember: no scythe, no proof.
What are you doing here? The death penalty is supposed to be for the poor and people of color.
So, how's life?
For Chrissakes, stop looking jurors in the eye.
It's important the jury doesn't know where you're coming from.
Unfortunately, the writ your referring to isn't actually pronounced "habeas corpses."
Mr. Trump had to blame someone for killing his campaign!
Mr. Attorney, I am top donor to: Citizens United!
You've got the wrong Ebinezer.
They've offered life without parole.
No, this is not a death penalty case either.
Trust me. If Luke got away with being too short for a stromtrooper, I can convince the jury that you're a jawa.
It doesn't look good, Sir.
As your attorney I have to advise you against telling each member of the court the date of their demise.
Their not buying your "Devil made me do it" defense. What else ya got?
I say we go with the, "identity theft" defense.
No, the bailiff won't bring you your scythe.
Your image problem is killing us.
No, you're not permitted to take the Fifth when the issue is crimes against nature.
Mr. Reaper, I would advise against you taking the stand in your own defense.
Can you arrange a hanged jury?
I’m sorry Mr. Kenobi, it doesn’t look like you’ll be collecting any royalties from the new film.
We've got to make reaping look cool.
I never thought I'd be litigating MY OWN wrongful death case!
I'm going to put you on the stand tomorrow Ralph.However, I wan;t you to go home and do something about your hands.
You're right about no fingerprints of course, but I still think you should've worn a suit.
Judge Harry ordered you to leave your scythe outside the courtroom?
Didn't you get the suit I left with your doorman?
I thimk you should listen to me in this case, a hoodie is a no goodie in court.
"I was hoping for a hung jury, not a dead one!'
With a repeat offender's record like yours, we should... What's that? You want to take the fifth?
Actually, it doesn't matter if you are death destroyer of worlds - she still gets the house
Next time if you want to skip the trial and get straight to the juicy bits go over to Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
I expected you to look more relieved at a verdict of "involuntary manslaughter."
Why so grim? The worst you can get is life.
Don't worry. We're going to win this. It's all in the jury selection.
The only character witness we could find is Scrooge.
Look, if you really want to help, jurors 3, 7 and 12 could do with an "early release".
He said up the river, not across the river.
You should plea 'guilty' and hope for the death penalty.
Our only defense is..the devil is in the details
Insider trading...? Really?
If only I could get a sign... any kind of sign.
When you get up there try to look friendly and non-threatening.
I told you three times, the DA won't agree to the death penalty.
We are going with "unlawful search and scyther."
....it's not a cold case.
You've heard "You reap what you sow"?
Just don't make eye contact with the jurors.
They're offering you life, but we can probably talk them up from there.
Once again, let me start by asking you to *not* visit the judge.
I think I can get them to take death off the table.
Can I tell the jury that you are willing to commute their death sentence.
To get a reduced sentence, you'll have to tell the court where all the bodies are buried.
Off with your head? Sorry, no, it won't be that kind of verdict.
I'm afraid that your case looks rather grim.
Take the plea deal and I might be able to reduce your death sentence.
The outcome looks grim.
I know you have to be at st. Barnabas Hospital in 15 minutes but this is important.
I don't think the Twinkie Defense is going to work.
You're a dead ringer for the last case I lost!
This issue has been briefed to death.
Trust me. This fifth has nothing to do with the circle.
The jury is watching you every moment. Try not to look so grim...
We hate your message, but your right as messenger is protected by the First Amendment to the US Constitution!
Am I getting life?
If all goes well I can get you the death sentence.
Tax evasion, huh?
Listen Pal, I'm telling you the Ghost of Christmas Past would work better for this case.
Another drone design flaw in the making
How about we try the “misunderstood” reaper?
You reap what you sow.
A lot of people are dying to see how this case turns out.
I really don't think that it is a good idea to put you on the stand.
Remember, you lost your head in a moment of passion.
This is not what I had in mind when I told you to dress for a somber occasion.
I just, I don't know, always imagined you as white
Eventually they will be a jury of your peers.
If you're found guilty, it will be a life for Death decision.
What do you mean you have something to confess?
I rest my case?
When this is all over could you do me a favor?
Do you not own another suit?
Sure, a hung jury would be great for us. Why do you ask?
Did you get the license?
They took the death penalty off the table.
No, punishable by death does not mean you get to pick your own sentence.
So, your saying no need to bother taking the 5th. Hmmm.
You've hung all the jury.
I assure you that the death sentence is off the table!
Keep a straight face.
Death penalty. Didn't see that one coming'.
There's a hole in your story.
Just say you killed the slaughterer who slaughtered the ox. They don't care about the kid or the two zuzim.
"Don't worry---your not gonna get 'life' on this.
THE VERDICT IS "LIFE WITHOUT A HOOD"
Don't give me that blank look.
To a jury, it's all about appeal, so please wear a coat and tie tomorrow.
Remember to let the jurors see your loveable side.
Do not pull out the scythe when you're being cross-examined.
I'm not sure self-defense is our best option here.
This may not mean much to you, but your facing life.
Try not to appear excited when they ask for capital punishment.
Law school did not prepare me for this.
They're going to try to pin you on motive, but just play it cool. The prosecution has nothing on you.
It would really help your case if you could remember where you left your scythe.
Anything you say may be used against you in the afterlife.
If the jury comes back with a guilty verdict you'll be looking at 25 to life.
I'm not sure how I could get you life.
So you don't think it's at least a little ironic that you're here for tax evasion?
It would help your case if you took off that robe.
Ironic. Noooo, really? I get it, genius.
Death penalty is off the table.
I think we're losing. You have an empty suit.
Take the plea and we'll have you out in half an eternity.
Yes, I DO find it ironic that you'll be carrying out your own sentence.
You are telling me that that bell tolled for me?
The good news is they've agreed to have your 11 billion life sentences run concurrently.
Just tell the jury that, "the devil is in the details"!
things are looking a little grim. that's not good in this case.
I advise you not to take the stand
You have to start reminding people to encrypt their suicide notes.
I understand you are cold, but a sweater would have been a better choice.
The bad news is death is off the table.
In this courtroom, you are, at best, jury and executioner.
I understand you are cold, but, in this case, a sweater would have been a better choice.
Relax, there is no Life penalty in Texas.
Look, I won't lie to you. The outlook is grim. But let's face it, you reap what you sow.
It appears your 1099 neglected to mention all you reaped in 2015.
Bad news. Your priors are admissible.
I am confident I can get the death penalty off the table.
Now remember Mr. DEATH, when you get on the stand, say only that you were following the company guidelines with regard to your job description.
I know it's a killer of a case but the hijab is just overkill.
Should I offer them to settle this over a game of chess?
I suggest you plead the Fifth Circle of Hell.
We might have some trouble explaining the scythe found at the scene of the crime.
C'mon man, you know I can't allow you to shake hands with the Prosecution.
This judge has sentenced more people to death than...you.
Know of any newly available rent-controlled apartments?
From one lawyer to another.....
There's no way I'm putting you on the stand.
I told you the metal detectors might get your sickle.
Lots of people don't file their taxes, so I think their argument is moot.
Sure it’s unfair, but juries in this town are biased against the angel of death.
Last week I was the Devil's advocate.
The devil made me do it!
Would it have killed you to wear a coat and tie?
You plead guilty or not guilty. You can't plead for a death sentence!
Oh crap. I wasn't supposed to look you in where your face should be.
You must have misunderstood. I said I am deadly in court.
- I took the scythe cause it might adversely affect the jury! - But they can't convict me when it's my job!
The worst sentence you could get is life.
If the hoodie doesn't fit, you must acquit.
I know you had your heart set on the kids...
I don't think we should put you on the stand
Habeas what?
Please don't take this the wrong way, but I feel that your representation in my death penalty case is not in my best interest. I am going to ask for a new lawyer.
So, how innocent can you afford to be?
Worse case scenario; you get the death penalty.
It's not the death thing, it's the hoodie thing.
Not guilty? But you're still wearing the hoodie?!
It would behoove you to not look into the eyes of the jury.
What?! you don*t have a VISA card??
Are those Warby Parker glasses? I want to get a pair soon too
As a personal favor to me, I have this ex that is a real pain. If you know what I mean.
Usually I advise against plea bargaining for the death penalty for a parking violation.
OK, no scythe is good, but I told you to wear a suit and tie.
You could've at least put on a tie.
If you loose, you get life.
I strongly advise you not to use the Twinkie defense.
Public defenders can't afford to dress you for court.
Don't worry. They have no witness.
I suggest we both waive our fees.
Apparently, in this country, taxes are more certain than death.
With any luck the prosecutor will ask for life.
The next time you're questioned, try to avoid the maniacal laughter
She's sayin' it was just you, her, and Immortality.
A death penalty is a reach.
There is no way the glove's gonna fit.
Plead guilty and they'll put the death penalty back on the table,
Good news! He's a hanging judge!
Oh, just another sentencing to death row. What you really need to get me out of, are those unpaid parking tickets!
That's a hung jury they are reporting. Hung. No hanged.
Don't worry, a guy like you will kill it in prison.
We can beat those murder chargers, it's the parking ticket...
It's a little bizarre, but it may help convince the jury that you were a victim of identity theft.
I hope you have a lot of cash stuffed up that robe.
If you take the stand, they may only see a hood.
We'd have a better chance if your last name wasn't Penalty.
You really need to start giving me a heads up about that kind of stuff.
You did say you were innocent, right?
You've taken this Niqab thing to a whole new level.
Lose the hoodie if I put you on the stand.
Needs more cowbell.
I really think the jury is starting to see you less as the "Grim Reaper", and more as just "Death".
I'm not sure that a plea of "not guilty" is your best bet.
You should have gone with the suit and tie.
We'll appeal on the grounds that it's not only cruel and unusual punishment, but sort of ironic, too.
It's looking grim. You'll probably get life.
Remember: You’re the EMOTIONALLY CHALLENGED Reaper.
I agree, but they're not going to compromise despite how surreal it'll be.
Do you realize how hard it is to be your lawyer?
Don't be empty headed. Take the settlement!
Don't worry, they couldn't pick you out of the lineup!
So far, all of the evidence presented against you is only circumstantial.
Your Honor, my client pleads not guilty on the grounds that he was just doing his job.
I think you should plead the 5th.
So, . . . Explain to me again how you made partner. . .
Try to smile more for the jury.
I don't think you can take the soul of the court. It doesn't have one.
The worst they can give you is life.
No, the judge is offering YOU a plea bargain.
Look, it was a politician. You did us all a favor.
You told her, "Ich komme nicht zu strafen."
The optics aren't working in your favor.
This is a deadly case
What do you mean you left the scythe in the taxi?
No, you can't settle this with a chess match.
It's about the hoodie.
Life-sentence does not mean what you think it means.
I'm with the I.R.S. And you are...?
Remember, we plead the fifth if they ask about age-related bias in your selection process.
It's not great, Mr. Reaper, but at least we got the "taxes" part tossed.
My life is on the line here. Don't you make any self-incriminating statements.
Tell them you were just following orders.
I have bad news. The death penalty's off the table.
You may want to lose the hoodie.
This will only work if you cry when they give you the death penalty.
The judge is not going to like it. I said grey suite not jump suite.
I strongly advise that you accept the plea bargain.
Hoods aren't allowed in court.
Bad news, there's no death penalty in this state.
I hear the jury is considering a life sentence...
I’ve already told you this, a hung jury is just an expression.
Don't worry. Time is on our side.
Remember, it's not a hoodie, it's an expression of your religious freedom.
If you're asked, just say that you met Dante in college.
No Mr. Reaper ,with your record a deadlocked jury is highly unlikely .
I think we have a hell-a-va defense here.
The best I can get you is life.
My stylist told me to wear blue but I really think my signature color will play better with the jury
Would it be fair to say you made a killing on your wife's life insurance?
Well, at least we don't need to worry about the death sentence....
There is no such thing as a writ of habeas corpse
I told you to lose the 'hoodie', and wear a suit.
No, killing the judge right now would not be looked upon favorably by the jury.
It's a deposition...not an inquisition
Ever since the plague, public opinion is running way against you - our best bet is a plea bargain.
No, that would be cruel and unusual in this state.
They're ruling out foreplay owing to your three counts of resisting a breast.
They still haven't found a motive.
I don't think self-defense is the way to go.
And why, exactly, should we appeal the death penalty?
Don't worry, if you've killed as many people as you say then death row is a cinch.
Be transparent.
The bottom line is....you didn't pay your taxes.
No. You can't plead irony to a death sentence.
Why yes, my last name is Baggins.
Frankly, I don't want you as my lawyer.
Unfortunately the beer recipe must be licensed from the monastery for lawful reproduction
Can we discuss who people hate more after the trial is over?
The judge would like to hear your thoughts on the death penalty.
They're leaning toward the death penalty.
Sorry, but I really need Christmas Past on this case.
A suit maybe would be nice. You couldn't afford a suit?
What do you mean you don't believe in the death penalty?
I'm afraid the sentence is death.
I don't think you can invoke the 5th Parallel.
My top priority is making sure you don't get the you penalty.
It's looking pretty grim.
O.J. are you in there?
This is a big thrill for me. I usually handle taxes.
Seriously? Now we have a hung jury.
Stop, stop. . . he said griM, not griN.
Yes--I'm pretty certain you needed to pay taxes.
I don't care that NOW your best friend is Scalia, . . . it won't help us in this case.
What they're gonna argue is that a death sentence saves lives.
Let's go over your testimony. The last time you saw her she was still alive...
The bad news is you lost. The good news is you're getting Life.
I Think that I think that you must me more forthcoming than that.
Look the jury in their souls.
At least the judge can't give you the death sentence.
Just stay quiet and the committee with talk themselves to death.
You'll like this; they gave you the death penalty.
I told you not to wear a hoodie to court.
In all the years as a defense lawyer, you are my first hallow case.
Your mouthwash ain't cuttin it!
So you made that yourself?
I'm going to win this case if it's the last thing I do.
They'll let you walk if you testify against the other horsemen.
They're going for the death penalty.
Actually, a life sentence would be an absolution.
The evidence is pretty damning.
I have to be honest, the outlook is grim.
...and if I loose your case?
You're going to need to come up with a better alibi for "where were you on the night that everyone in all of recorded history died?"
On the positive side, I don't think you'll have to worry about receiving the death penalty.
Yeah, it's the truth, but saying "No one here gets out alive" does nothing for your defence.
I know you want to testify, but I don't think it's a good idea. Did you see the look that juror number 4 gave you?
Don't worry, World War II is past the statute of limitation.
Do me a favor, if the judge decides on the death penalty for you, don't giggle.
I'll bush hard for the death sentence, but I fear you may get life.
Whatever the verdict, know that I'm honored to have represented the most prolific serial killer of all time.
My daughter would be scared.
Could you not have worn something else to the hearing?
I don't care what Donald Trump said. I'm your attorney. Don't take the stand.
There is no legal president for striking a plea deal for the death penalty.
By the way, I wouldn't mention anything about that large scythe of yours...
And to think, they called me an empty suit!
Try smiling.............it may make you look a little less grim.
If you want to win this thing please be not proud.
No, multiple death sentences does not mean that you just write a paragraph.
I don't really like 'Devil's Advocate.' I'm rebranding as 'Mordor's Helper.'
You're losing face!
The judge doesn't think you have sufficient grounds for habeas corpus since the court is not holding your body in custody.
Hey! Lighten up, it's just a cartoon.
I don't think parole is an option here, buddy.
I think you should take the plea deal.
No you can't tell the judge you have met Justice Scalia.
Nothing is certain, Death, but I think you'll have to pay your taxes.
Character witnesses are going to be a problem.
Pro bono, huh? Over my dead body.
The bad news, it's the death sentence. The good news, they can't find anyone to do it.
No, I don't think using the untimely death of Mildred Potter as an alibi will help your case.
Listen, Eminem, the Unibomber's intellectual property suit is not just going away; I really think we should offer a settlement.
Fortunately, this State does not carry the death penalty.
In this case nothing can be said to be certain, except death and possibly taxes
The Prosecutor is asking for a life sentence.
I'll be brief...
No, I'm afraid that won't work - they'll see right through you.
I think it might be time to challenge them to a game a chess.
I don't think you should testify
I'm sure we can get it bumped down to three trillion counts of murder instead of five.
Don't worry, this state still has the death penalty.
There's no way the jury will vote not guilty. I suggest a plea bargain.
I think I can get it knocked down to 107 billion counts of manslaughter.
You said you could get me out of this!" "Not exactly the way you expect...
The ruling is final; you will be replaced by 2017
For the last time, we're not calling Blue Oyster Cult as a character witness!
Attorney, too? Judge, jury, and executioner weren't enough?
The judge wants to plead with you.
I have a feeling the sentencing should be right up your alley.
I'm certain that you will get a reduced sentence!
You're gonna be the death of me.
I'm sorry, looks like it's going to be the life penalty...
After this, are you going to take a holiday?
Your hood not fitting is a valiant, but poor, attempt at an aquittal.
You know, that hoodie isn't gonna work the jury.
If he asks about the hood, tell him you have very sensitive skin.
A death sentence is the least of our worries
Did you do it?
Stuff it Ms. Muffitt!! Stuff it Ms. Muffitt!!
In order to win we have to change your image!
Yeah but it turns out taxes are more sure.
The deal is contingent on you pleading nolo contendere on eleven and a half billion deaths.
This time, you're getting 'Life.'
So, you met Justice Scalia?
Again, the death penalty does not hold for loitering.
Tell the truth, you were just doing your job.
You want me to plead guilty AND ask for the death penalty?
You're going to have to work some magic on the judge.
And for Pete's sake, don't make eye contact with anyone on the jury.
If you take the deal, I can get you life.
Probably better not to mention your boss by name or even location.
Good news - they're offering a face-saving settlement
It will be hard to argue against the death penalty, especially when wearing a hoody in front of the jury.
You can't give up now. My wife just took out a million-dollar life insurance policy.
Our best hope is to do in the judge
Mr. Reaper, I don't think that shouting 'I'm coming for you next!" is the best way to deal with these serious allegations.
It might help if you didn't say "Yes!" whenever the prosecution recommended the death penalty.
I'm sorry Mr. Reaper, but your chances of an acquittal are grim
With the death penalty on the table, I feel like this is a conflict of interest.
If you don't take the plea, you could be looking at a life sentence.
To be honest, I don't think we'll do well with a writ of habeas corpus.
I think I can get you the death sentence.
Best case scenario; you'll get life.
I'm afraid your testimony will fall on deaf ears.
You'll get off no problem- I was on O.J.'s defense team.
I think we should argue he's "mostly dead."
When I told you to take the fifth, I didn't mean dimension.
Remember, we are going for a temporary insanity verdict.
They're asking for twenty years. I'll try and get death.
They're giving you a penalty, Death.
You think we need to talk about reconsidering MY defense strategy? Well, I think we first need to talk about reconsidering YOUR outfit.
I'm sorry, you're just not eligible for death row.
You do realize you look sketchy as heck?
Try to inject a bit more life into your testimony.
If I put you on the stand they'll see right through you.
I represent the IRS. And you?
Let's put you on the stand and hope for a hung jury.
...and i was like, dude, we both know that you never even finished the first episode of the larry sanders show, so i don't know why you're pretending to be so mad at me
This case will be so famous, they're going to name the penalty after you.
I think you lost the jury when you ended with "Have a nice day."
Apparently everyone in this class action is dead.
No matter how many souls you've already taken-- deny, deny, deny, & plead "not guilty."
Remind them you're a contributing civil servant as a Texas Executioner.
We're trying to avoid the death sentence.
Hoodies always prejudice the jury.
Well, it seems you have some priors.....
For God's sake Artie, press your human button and smile. For God's sake Artie, press your human button smile.
You've been sentenced to life. Don't ask me.
Life without parole seems more humane.
You can't use that alibi. They will see right through you!
I think you should have gone with a navy blazer.
Mr Reaper, I've spoken to our P R boys and they REALLY don't think the scythe will make the jury more sympathetic towards you.
"I understand you run a shell company in Panama.
They're trying to paint your intent as especially grim.
We've managed to avoid death row.
Life is certainly not on the table.
Do I still get paid if you don't get a death sentence?
Does the Angel of Death have any ideas? Because I'm out of ideas.
You're safe - this state supports the death penalty.
Remember, a life sentence is a bad one, not a good one.
Not now--I'm in the middle of a big case.
You know, this whole case hinges on the jury being able to see what you're really made of.
Is that business formal where you come from?
We may want to reconsider our self-defense plea.
I'm feeling sort of grim about the verdict.
So our defense is that if the scythe was a lethal weapon, it was therefore a tool of your trade
We're seeking the death penalty.
The D.A. is asking for life.
Relax. You've overcome even the worst-case scenario.
I think if we can get the scythe thrown out we have a chance
Do you have to be so dramatic? It's only a parking ticket.
Bad news, the scythe is exhibit 1
Their case for accessory after the fact is looking pretty strong
The courtroom artist's going to struggle with you.
They offered you a life sentence
Are you sure the judge will be lenient because you're related?
You come from where? "Braavos?"
The good news is they've ruled out the death penalty.
Come to think of it glasses might soften your image.
I can't let you take the stand. If the jury sees that you are faceless, they may jump to conclusions."
Please rise court is in session "Shouldn't you have objected to that?" Said Mr. Reaper.
After we close this case, I don't want to ever see you again, got it?
In my youth "The Invisible Man " was wrapped in bandages!!!!!
Please stop shouting "But I've killed EVERYONE"
You could be looking at a life sentence...
I don't think the judge wants to play chess with you.
What do you mean You are The "Devils' Advocate"?
You bet the Devil, on who' s a better lawyer?
Ironically, you could be sentenced to life without parole.
Good news - we've got it down to 5,456,894,553 consequetive life sentences...
I know you were hoping for a hung jury, but you will have to face them.
That's not what a life sentence means.
Don't tell the judge the pain is gone.
You were right, we have a hung jury.
Yes, they've 'produced the bodies.'
I know it's what you do, but would it kill you to wear a suit just this once?
The jurors may be biased.
I recommend you plead the scythe.
When you ID the perpetrator it'd be best not to point.
Just once more, I'd like to see your pretty little face.
My advice? Lose the hoodie.
I don't think the Sicilian defense is going to work.
Look, the evidence clearly states that you bargained for a one way ticket, not round trip.
I really didn't think I was doing that badly.
At least you don't have to worry about the death penalty.
I am sorry but the "death penalty" isn't legal in this state.
I think the jury can see right through your argument.
I won't lie to you but it's looking pretty grim.
I woke up with this feeling that things are looking up for me today.
Somehow, your hoodie doesn't read "Jeff Zuckerberg" to this jury, Mr. Reaper.
the judge insists that we habeas him a corpus.
Legally, doing every other death ever doesn't mean you did this one.
How is it not a penalty?
You're not used to it?! Just plead the fifth. It's not the same as begging for your life.
When you take the stand next time, stop trying to be funny.
Now's the time for some serious soul-searching?
In your case, a hung jury is likely
They can't prove it's your scythe...
If you plead guilty, they'll wipe the points and you'll only have to pay a fine.
Don't you think the death penalty is a bit harsh?
I hear Panama is nice this time of year.
That's not what a hung jury means.
I think it's time we introduce your sting.
It all depends if Jimmy Hoffa's body is where you say it is
Scythe doesn't matter.
Death be not your name?
Charcoal Portrait of Lawyer and Generic client
The good news is they're requesting the death penalty.
Remember, don't approach the bench.
They have a witness who saw The Man Without A Face.
You understand what I mean when I say 'a hung jury would be a great outcome for us,' right?
Their witness may try to throw some shade.
Great news....you are going to be sentenced to death.
We can ask for the death penalty but I can promise we'll get it.
You know I get paid on and hourly basis
What have you got to lose? Go for the death penalty.
I am afraid the prognosis is grim.
I think we should ask for the death penalty
No, I don't think the hoodie was the problem.
The way I see it, your a deadman.
Are you sure they didn't get a good look at your face?
To be honest, I've never handled a death penalty case before.
I thought we were clear you'd dress a little less grim.
You want the death penalty? This is tax court.
We need a hung jury.
"When you get called up onto the witness stand, do not make direct eye contact with any of the jurors".
Listen, involuntary manslaughter is going to be a hard sell.
None of your alibi witnesses seem to be available
So, if I win this case, you'll pay a visit to the senior partners?
Not bringing the scythe into court was a good call.
We've got to drag this out. January, and Baby New Year will be out to vouch for you.
Legally changing your name will not alter people's perception of you.
You can't avoid taxes.
We wouldn't be if you had worn a suit.
Your Honor, the Defense asks the court to examine their ultimate fate
NO, no, my services are free if you promise me not to visit me for at least a hundred years or more. Oh! would you go by and visit my mother in law later today?
What's wrong with my tie?
So...What's our deadline?
Now remember, you're a tech entrepreneur and you always wear that thing.
Prepare yourself. They have no choice but to seek the death penalty.
I see you are dressed for a s;am dunk!
Here's the good news, you don't have to worry about the death penalty.
Don't you think you're getting a bit overzealous? It's only an embezzlement case,
Relax, in your case the death penalty is nothing to worry about.
Your look is not helping our case.
This case will be the death of me.
The tip is included, if I remember.
No, you don't need to appear before the Court.
They'll have a hard time convicting without a scythe.
I'm having second thoughts on our defense strategy as far as swapping clothing.
I was thinking maybe life without parole
No problem. The death penalty would be double jeopardy.
Can't you just hang the jury?
You are not required to 'appear' before the Court.
On a good day and a hung jury, you might get 32 consecutive life sentences.
The penalty is death, but we'll argue for time served.
I can cut a deal but you will have to testify against Taxes
No, sorry. The death penalty does not mean you get to choose.
Deal. Pro bono, pro life.
You needn't ring your death knell every time I say "I object".
I agree, speaking in public is scarier than death
We probably can't argue mistaken identity.
One more positive ID and we're in big trouble.
Our defense will be the law's religious exemption.
So the deal is I'll get you probation if you give me another 60 years. And you do something about my mother-in-law.
I'm not going to lie. It is looking pretty grim.....
I'm sorry, there is no death penalty in this state.
All I'm saying is it could help your case to lose the hoodie and remember to put your face on before showing up every morning.
Let's just go for the death penalty.
It'd look better if you had a living alibi.
The hoodie thing hasn't worked well for my previous clients.
Are you sure you want me to defend these Mossack Fonseca allegations with the "Death and Taxes" argument?
Remember, if the scythe doesn't fit, they must acquit.
But wouldn't taking the judges soul just prove their case?
Just don't point at the judge.
I plead guilty to life after life.
Don't look so grim, you always win in the end.
"Name" will be a problem. "Occupation" will be worse.
Grim, you've done it again. You're in the wrong courtroom. This is traffic court and that outfit has to go.
Don't worry. They'll be happy to make a deal.
I'm also a tax attorney
I may be going out on a limb here but I'm going to assume the death penalty won't be a major problem for you.
Now you'll have to show a face to the case.
The Judge told me to tell you that he likes your robe better than his.
They're not going to care if it's your job, it's still tampering.
I don't think "It was his time" will sway the jury.
Worst case scenario you get life.
Let's go with the hoodie on.
Business casual works for most clients, but in your case it might not have been such a good idea.
No, 'untill death do us part' was binding
It's not the first count that I'm worried about, it's the next 11 billion that concern me.
Let's try for a technicality.
If you cop to the first billion counts, I might be able to get your sentence reduced.
Try to let the jury see your lighter side.
I don't think the Dead Man's Statute is a defense here.
Insider training IS a faceless crime.
Your alibi is good.
Nice to finally meet you face to hole.
Just say you're looking for the real killers.
The best I can get you is life without parole.
Look at the bright side, you might get life.
You promised the next time we're called in front of the Senate, I could wear it!
Remember, you showed him to the gates of Hell, but he walked through by himself.
The name of the penalty is purely coincidental
If you cooperate, they'll take you off the table.
Bad news, they found a scythe with your fingerprints on them.
Your chances would be better in a suit and tie.
Your finger prints were all over the scythe, Grim.
D.A.claims your alibi "sounds hollow" !
I took this case Pro Bono.
As co-counsel, you should wear a tie.
Yes, so these claims go all the way back to the beginning of time; it turns out there is no statute of limitations for what you did.
I told you to wear a suit and tie when we're in trial, remember?
No pun intended, but our chances look grim.
For the last time, this is traffic court. I cannot request the death penalty.
If it breaks our way you could get life.
The IRS will find YOU if you don't pay your taxes
What happened to my straw man?
His early death was a simple case of mistaken identity. Occupational hazard, right?
OK. I'll explain to the judge that you smell so bad that you just like to kept covered. I'm sure he'll understand.
Are you sure you've told me everything...?
I think I can have the charges dismissed on mistaken identity.
Don't be such a pessimist.
They're willing to take the death penalty off the table.
I am confident they wont sentence you to yourself.
I can't believe I got a life sentence... I'm Death
What do you mean this is my last trial?
Now, don't say you can't remember.
Couldn't you at least try to look contrite and remorseful?
I can't emphasize this enough: Eye Contact
Nope, this is the Grim Sleeper trial.
Just testify that "the devil made you do it".
Look, I told you she'd take you to the cleaners in the divorce. Be happy you still have your job.
Juries can be tough on repeat offenders.
You didnt tell me you were in the 'hood
I was able to get you off with the Death Penalty
Our "mistaken identity" defense seems to be working.
No, the death penalty does not apply to parking violations
Let me understand this, you want to remain faceless in you eye witness testimony?
If the sickle is too little, we’ll get an acquittal.
Saying you were just doing your job won’t work.
We got this
Don't touch me, Grim!
Unless they can somehow tie the scythe to you, there's a good chance of acquittal.
At this time, I'd like to call the court's attention to my client's long history of charitable works in the community.
You didn't tell me there were multiple counts.
You’re my first client to request the death penalty.
You better prepare yourself for the death penalty.
You better let me do the talking.
I'm glad I've got you as my lawyer.
There may be some lingering resentment.
They're going to have a devil of a time making a positive ID.
Yeah so I don't think the jury will see it as euthanasia.
Problem with all your alibi witnesses...
For the last time, stop referring to the jury as a "death panel."
Did anybody see you do it?
We'll try to avoid the you penalty....
Because of double jeopardy, there is no chance for the death penalty.
In your case habeas corpus is more figurative.
Take the plea. Otherwise, you're facing the You penalty.
Trust me. If anyone has standing as a sovereign citizen, it's you!
The judge asked if this is your first offense.
So, no matter what happens, we’re still good, right?
Don't be so gloomy, you'll scare the jury
Don't blame me. I told you there's no way to avoid your taxes.
If the Scythe doesn't fit they have to acquit...
We're calling Dick Cheney as character witness.
I thought I told you to suit up!
So you are sayo that you want the death penalty !?
If we get even one smoker on that jury, we've got a shot.
I'm sorry but I've got some grim news in regards to your case.
I'm actually just entering this to test something on the site sorry Colin
What's an appeal? Well...
...and I don't want to hear your version of Dry Bones when you're on the stand.
No more hand motions across your throat, it's hurting our case.
For the last time, I can't plea loitering up to a capital offense
No, the death penalty is not an option in this state.
testing testing testing
In this instance, the death penalty would be considered "cruel and unusual."
You death, me taxes. Together we'd be unstoppable.
Would you consider wearing a tie?
Try to look likable for the jury.
We won't settle. They can't leverage the death penalty.
Sentencing is Monday. Do you have a different outfit you can wear?
Yes, pleading guilty will get you life. Why do you ask?
I advise we don't go for the "You Penalty"
Nice try, but a writ of habeas corpse won't cut it.
As your attorney, I must advise you to stop pointing to the jurors.
Couldn't get a jury of your peers . The morgue was empty
The typo was my fault; it should not have read "habeas corpse."
Let's take the plea deal
So, you WANT the death penalty?
If we lose, you could still get time off for good behavior
It's a simple trial. The jerks at the New Yorker Cartoon contest promised they wouldn't e-mail advertising to you, and then they did.
It would have killed you to wear a suit?
We'll plead down to mankindslaughter.
Just tell the judge, you take the fifth! I live in Wisconsin
My client pleads not guilty by reason of inevitability.
This judge can't seem to grasp the difference between Rape and Reap.
It's probate court. Your here as the "executor" not the "executioner".
At least try to look friendly.
Don't be alarmed, you could get life.
I think we should plead insanity
Don't worry, orange is the new black.
I strongly recommend you plead the Fifth.
What are your credentials for being a death penalty expert?
Let me do the talking--I think I can get you life.
Wouldn't you rather take the penalty that's named after you?
What? You said to wear a killer suit.
It's not that Grim...
"Yes ironically a "hung jury " would be in our favor.
No, "death sentence" does not mean you have to make a closing argument.
So, you give up your Pending Hits list ... in exchange for the death penalty.
Don't worry, you can do a twenty year sentence on your head.
I'm not sure 'the death penalty arouses my loins' won you much jury support.
To pick a jury of your peers, we need bottom feeders: foreclosure buyers, eviction specialists and conservative think tank linguistics artists who praise the need "tax relief."
The defense: You are a head case.
Just tell them you lost your head.
Your situation looks grim but I'm guessing you're used to it.
Don't worry. All they care about is the Panama accounts.
Let me do the talking, and remember, you have never been to Panama.
Well at least I can help you save face.
All things considered, I'd advise you not to testify.
Oddly enough, I'll be paying a visit to Juror No. 5 this evening.
Don't complain. With good behavior you'll be out in one lifetime.
I thought we agreed on business casual.
You do not drink, So what the hell where you doing that night at the pub?
It guaranteed the removal of all lines, scars and sun damage.
If your priority is the scythe, I'm afraid she's gonna take all of the pale horse.
The prosecution is going to ask for a larger court room so that they can present their 40 truckload list of alleged victims.
It would help if your alibi didn't involve killing other people.
Try being a little cagey about this. You don't want them to know you WANT the death penalty.
Just so you know, the death penalty is off the table.
when are you allowing strangers to this contest ? you haven't change the countries authorized
Fine, you don't have to give me your name, just tell me who you're voting for.
We have to convince the jury that you're not a serial killer.
You've got a bit of an image problem.
Bad news, looks like your getting life...
Now, remember to keep your poker-face when you sit up there.
In your case, you'll receive the life penalty.
I'd say your best bet is to remain silent.
Don't threaten to smite the jury, it makes you appear less sympathetic
I hope the jury supports the death penalty.
"Rather be judged by twelve than carried by six? The irony is devastating.
Remember, your an actuary, not Death, plays much better with the jury.
I see . . I see . . I don't really see . .
It's looking kind of grim...
Listen...you've GOT to give me your real name!
Grim Reaper won't play well with the jury. Lets emphasize the "Angel" in Angel of Death.
And remember, no mention of your contacts in the underworld.
Our case is built upon the premise the jury will take you at face value, you'll have to get rid of the hoodie.
You don't agree with a stay of execution?
Worse case scenario, it won't be cruel and unusual for you.
Technically, your execution would be death by suicide.
My affairs? Of course they're in order. Why do you ask?
'Now look, that makes two judges, four jury members and one bailiff. I think they get your message, OK ?'
The bad news is the judge supports the You Penalty.
You'll have to dump the hoodie if you want to impress this judge.
I'm not gonna lie. The odds look pretty grim.
If you testify you're dead.
You do realize this may mean life.
Sorry you have to go empty-handed. My client took the life sentence deal.
I'm having a hard time putting a face on your case.
There's no DNA, so just say the scythe doesn't belong to you.
Good news. They're going for the death penalty.
They want to ask you about the custom of beheading, not the costume you wear to do it.
This time, let's scare them
Whatever you say, remember to keep it con-scythe.
Why in the world would I want to plea bargain for life imprisonment?
You're early. Sentencing is tomorrow.
Yes Mr. Reaper, "the dead" can file a class action suit against you.
Next time wear the tie I gave you.
Don't give me that look
I'll represent you pro bono in exchange for air conditioning and reduced sulfur.
The judge feels very very strongly for the death sentence on this case.
There's a good chance you could get life...
I think the best we can hope for is life.
When you’re called to the stand, don’t shake anyone’s hand.
I hope we get a liberal jury.
Tomorrow leave the scythe at home...your at work...this is a court house...mmmk?
I thought I told you to dress less "hood."
You have to take a plea. Your case is facially defective.
They're going to ask for the Death Penalty, Let's accept it quick before they figure it out.
Yes, as the plaintiff in an identity theft case, you will have to testify.
I think the hoodie sends the wrong message.
"Don't be offended if they refer to you as an empty suit.
I'm sorry I'm not familiar with the Grim Reaper clause.
Look straight ahead and don't worry about any eyewitnesses.
I think our best strategy at this point would be for you to casually put your hand on the prosecutor's shoulder.
You don't have to worry about the death penalty
Don't be offended. They say everyone is innocent until proven guilty.
That guy behind you is kinda making me nervous.
Reaper has an eco-feel to it, but the grim as got to go.
When you take the stand, try not to look so grim.
Could you at least walk? The floating across the room thing isn't helping us.
Now remember, our defense is that you were just following orders.
We're done for. They found evidence of your involvement with GMO distribution.
They've reduced the charges to only 45 billion counts of first-degree murder.
No. It's an illegal U-turn and a first offense. We shouldn't ask for more than a fine.
When you take the stand, try to be up-beat.
The death penalty is the least of your worries.
We like your positive message about capital punishment; we just don't think you're the right messenger.
I think we'd do better with this jury if you could lose your head scarf.
I know there's nothing wrong with a hoodie, but could you try to wear a suit when you testify?
Yeah, I think it's a possibility that they may consider the death penalty.
What do you mean I'm not getting into heaven?
On the positive side, your priors are inadmissible.
As a demonstration of good faith, they've agreed to take death off of the table if you'll promise to do the same.
It is time for a new defense strategy. I think you are sending the jury the wrong message.
Now remember, you're in "Resource Management".
I think I can get the charge reduced to involuntary manslaughter.
I came to take your life.
Recidivism? He’s saying you’re a repeat offender, and the court will take that into consideration when sentencing.
People have been cheating you for years, you're due compensation.
The best you can hope for is 20 years to death.
You can take that off now. They 've taken the death penalty off the table.
Can I, Death, really be sentenced to...Death?
All I asked was that you wear the button down I got you.
I gather this could end in the death sentence.
The judge has disappeared. Anything you want to tell me?
No, in this court the judge and jury are separate.
No, Mr. Reaper by saying "Corpus Delicti" the hot prosecutor was not flirting!
I don't think that the hood does anything for your case, Jerry.
They've offered the death sentence if you'll plead guilty. It's a win win.
I might be able to get the murder charge reduced to 'Following Too Close'.
I think our best hope at this point is a hung jury.
I'm afraid the prosecution is seeking the death penalty.
The bad news - this is not a class action suit. The good news - the death penalty is off the table, suicide is against the law.
I was hoping for the death penalty.
No worries. I'll argue that you were profiled.
I know you feel cheated, but demanding the death penalty in this case is, frankly, absurd.
Maybe a suit and tie tomorrow.
I told them your scythe was a farm implement but they are insisting that it's an offensive weapon
I understand you are a serious individual, but if we can talk about your personal interests--say, your troll doll collection, for example--perhaps the jury will be able to relate to you a little better.
First impressions are important to a jury. As your lawyer, I strongly advise a suit and tie next time.
They are having a tough time gathering a jury of your peers.
Look into my eyes and tell me the truth!
When you said underworld, I thought you meant mob related.
This case is dead on arrival.
Remember to make eye contact - it's important they see you as a human being.
Just need to make sure we agree on what we mean by jury 'selection' . . .
Remind me again - which one of us is the lawyer?
The plaintiff is claiming a loss in future earnings
I think we can pretty much rule out the death penalty.
Can I testify on my behalf?
They’re offering to reduce your time if you increase theirs.
I'm glad you left the scythe at home today.
I don't believe you're going to incur much sympathy from this jury.
I understand--but do your best to make eye contact with the jury anyway.
Hmm, a life sentence does sound unusually harsh, let's see what we can do.
Just trying to tell the judge everything clearly
"I liked the Brooks Brothers button down more.
I can only prove your innocence beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Do I look nervous now
A hoodie in the courtroom? Are you trying to get yourself killed?
Mr. Kaczynski, did the lean-to have a mailbox?
So wait, you're saying you're not a Dementor?
If you get too close to the judge up there, expecto some major patronum.
I take it the prospect of a life sentence doesn't phase you.
I wouldn't worry about getting the death penalty.
SORRY, THIS'LL TAKE LONGER THAN THAT.
The judge thinks he saw you in a Bergman movie. Yes or no.
I'm assuming no appeal if you're sentenced to death!
Please Death, remember to shave next time
Don't worry; obviously, they can't ask for the death penalty.
What are you going to do when I tell you "Face the jury" ?
Fine, but let me handle the jury selection.
Don't look so grim. I'm sure I can get you off with just the death penalty.
Where on earth did you get that fantastic hoodie?
I am not laughing in your face
In order to beat the prosecution, we need to get you ahead.
So, should we seek the death penalty?
You do realize that you're facing life, right?
well this is my report on the argument of TTIP in which the US intends to enslave the entire world to corporate US businesses which will eventually lead to the WW3 and the end of the human race and your folder is the argument for it
Relax. They couldn't find any DNA on the scythe.
You may get life for killing that chess player.
I don't think fingerprints will be the only acceptable identification.
No, the teeth are fine. Juries like toothy. But let's just get you some wax lips, eh?
No. I don't think we can argue you deserve a tax exemption.
We're not going with- "If you're the Angel of Death, it's what you do" defense!
Not exactly what I meant when I said you had to face off with the Judge today....
I'm going for the death sentence. It's your only way out.
I'm hopeful.
the seventh seal defense may not be our best option here
What do you mean who's taking over the case once I'm gone?
Clients don't usually ask me to argue for "Death".
Leroy, its time we face the facts.
No, I don't think calling The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse as character witnesses is a good idea.
All we have to do is establish reasonable doubt. Please stop looking at the jury.
Just remember when the time comes I'm doin this pro bono.
The DA says he won't plea bargain with death.
I'm a huge fan of your early work.
Before you get all excited, that's not what a "hung jury" means.
Law and Order: Cybersecurity Unit
Don't look so grim Mr. Reaper.
Ask the judge if you can approach, maybe it'll sway him.
I still think a jacket and tie might help your defense
Are you the hollow man?
That's not what they mean by "hung jury."
The prosecution is looking for a life sentence, I think we can get you death.
Can you drum up some character references?
You're lookin' at life. Which could be a good thing.
Strange how we keep getting hung jurors.
What's the worst you can get? Life?
Well, you could accept the plea deal to become a Life Coach in Canada.
...it may be too late for a cover up or face saving measures .
It would be counterproductive to tell the judge you know where he lives.
We're breaking new ground, but I've handled a lot of wrongful death cases.
Now don't forget. If we overcome the optics you have a shot at getting away with murder.
The jury's hung.
I know you’re upset, but they won't issue you the death penalty for failing to pay last year's income taxes!
No, I'm sorry, we needed an execu-TOR.
No, the State won't let you self-administer.
Well, your acquittal was a safe bet after we reassembled the O.J. jury.
I have told you, automatism it is our only defense.
Don't worry, I'm experienced in wrongful termination.
Remember, look chipper and make eye contact.
I might be able to get you life.
Keep your mouth shut and let me do all the talking.
Calm down, I'm pretty sure the death penalty isn't an option.
In your case, the death penalty is a winning situation.
I already told, I'm not playing Devil's advocate on this.
When I said dress up this is not what I meant
How about never. Is never good for you?
I'm counting on you. You're our star witness for re-instituting the death penalty.
Try and put on a good face regardless of the ruling.
Wear gloves when you place your hand on the bible.
Listen buddy, I don't need my soul back. I expect my hourly rate in cash.
OK. Check that. Maybe don't look the jury in the eye.
This may be a rough go. The judge is pro-life.
They are going to ask for the you penalty
I'd prefer a hung jury.
Gimme ten minutes.
Good news. It's only a life sentence.
Take off your hood, you're being insensitive.
What. What? You planted the key in Steven Avery's trailer?
Relax, all the jurors are death-qualified.
You can't be serious!..
It's going to look like you don't want to face your accuser!
Frankly, grim does'nt cut it.
The judge wants to know where you got the robe with the hoodie.
I wish you had told me you dumped the scythe in the river.
No, the death penalty is a bad thing.
So I take it that you knew about the death penalty?
..and then if you get Death, how does that work?
They can't invoke the death penalty, that would be double indemnity.
You might offer to play a game of chess to delay sentencing.
Is life good for you?
Let's face You are a born loser.
Take the plea or it's life.
The word is he's a hanging judge.
We're hoping for a hung jury.
They're blaming you for the hung jury too.
Don't worry. I'm going with the 'if the sickle don't fit, you must acquit' defense.
I just found out you got bad news you've been sentenced to Hell!
As you might expect, the outlook is pretty grim.
If you agree with the involuntary manslaughter plea, nod your hood.
Skid marks before the skunk. Yes, yes I've heard that one too.
I can promise you one thing, you won't get life.
Personally, I don't think you have a ghost of a chance.
Relax--you know you'll never serve life.
How about showing some optimism?
I'll try to get the death penalty off the table.
OK, no nicknames. Your name is GILBERT Reaper....
To avoid the death penalty, I advise you to accept the plea bargain.
No laughing when they give you life.
No, I don't think a game of chess would help.
Wait a minute...you want the Death Penalty?
For the appeal, I'd suggest you wear a suit and tie.
As your counsel, I strongly advise you to ditch the hoodie.
Your win would be my loss.
We can always say you had a tough childhood
No, that's not what habeas corpus means.
If you're found guilty, are we still good?
Tell them you're not only representing yourself, you're your own sentence as well.
Okay, how about Jazz Hands?
The situation looks grim.
"Et in arcadia ego" is not a great alibi.
I'm afraid things are looking a bit grim, Grim.
Yes, the hoodie stays on. Now let's drop it.
I think we should enter a plea of inevitable.
Must it always be the death penalty?
Remember: deny everything.
Mr. Reaper, I don't think that hoodie helps your image with the jury.
No, we can not ask for the death penalty, you were arrested for trespassing.
He’s impressed by your attempt to conjugate the Latin verb habeo, but rules that you cannot present your Writ of Habeam Corpus.
Well, if it's any consolation, he can't take it with him.
Is there anyone who can corroborate your whereabouts who isn't dead?
You understand that life is not an option, in prison or anywhere else.
Again - NO - we are not asking for the death penalty!
It's looking grim, Reaper.
Don't worry. This judge doesn't believe in the death penalty.
The caselaw is unsettled as to what a life sentence means in your situation.
Maybe we should just ask for life.
There's a bad echo in here.
The jury isn't buying it -- cheating death just isn't a crime
You're sure you want to go for the death sentence?
Let's go with "If the shroud don't fit, you must acquit."
I told you to wear a sweater vest.
The best we can hope for is life.
"Keep a poker face".
Hopefully the judge will order sentences to run concurrently.
If you get me off, I will guarantee you a cushy afterlife!
Might as well risk the death penalty.
It's a slam dunk. This state has no death penalty.
But they're just about to announce the verdict...
...they found you guilty, beyond a shadow of a doubt
Let's face it. Your future looks rather bleak.
It would be going better if you'd stopped tweeting during the trial.
Jeepers Reaper, Stop being a Creeper.
Our client should be here shortly.
Okay ... I'll put you on the stand, but leave the Judge alone.
Remember to smile at the jury.
Remember, it's not just you. It's taxes.
At least they cannot give you the death penalty.
You do understand you're looking a life sentence.
If you don't testify, you might get the death penalty.
And you're absolutely positive it was Bill Cosby?
Sure, they're pursuing the death penalty. But frankly, I don't see how they're going to follow through.
So, you've decided to plead guilty with an explanation?
The death penalty suits you.
Why are you telling me this?
Not to be morbid, but you could be sentenced to life.
Just to confirm, you want to plead guilty.
I don't think wearing a hoodie to court was the smartest move.
Thanks for not bringing your scythe.
I have to be honest, there's a very good chance you could get the dea... the you penalty.
Death, be not proud-especially when you take the stand...
Silent Yes , Invisible No
Everyone knows you're a sure thing, but these tax people have something going for them too.
I've always wondered....how do you eat?
community service is what the charge is.
Is the plea bargain still on the table?
How long have you been in mort-gage law?
You’d seem more sympathetic in a pastel cloak.
You're not going to get a better deal than life.
So you can just part us, like, legally, right?
We can't lose. You're eternal.
Sorry, evenen though you're Death, you still can't escape taxes...
"I'm trying to make sure there are no widows on the jury".
This is New York; they abolished the death penalty.
We need to do this right or you'll get life!
As your attorney, I must warn you that the hoodie may give the jury the wrong impression.
I'm willing to try a plea bargain of life in prison, but I don't think the judge will buy it.
Just remember, they cheated you.
"I was only doing my job" is not a defense.
Take it off before you take the stand unless you want the jury to think you're a thug or a jihadist.
You think black holes are for real?
If only we could remove juror #6
'So...any good news !"
Try to avoid too much "grimness" in your testimony.
They found a scythe at the scene.
Don't ask for the Death penalty
Stop saying, "Reap 'em and weep."
next time leave a witness
Ok, my case is that unless they can come up with the scythe, there's reasonable doubt
So much for a deconstructed martini!
Good point. The death penalty would be a bit redundant.
I need to warn you that you could get life.
Try not to show any emotion when the verdict is read.
You have the right to remain faceless.
I know you're excited, but you will not get the death penalty for tax fraud.
This North Carolina, they will be seeking the death penalty.
You said we'll fight it to the death, but I didn't realize who I'd be representing.
I think we can plead them down to second degree reaping.
Yeah, I said you don't have to testify, but you do have to appear.
I assume avoiding the death penalty isn't a priority.
"This is not going well".
Looks like you're getting You
H. G. Wells would be proud.
Don't you think we're laying it on a little thick?
He was already dead when you got there?
Good, with out the Sickle I think we stand a better chance.
You're definately not helping my anxiety.
When you say I'd better win this case, what exactly do you mean...?
I fully support your decision to defend yourself.
I've been hoodwinked!
Yes, but the irony of your getting the death penalty would be amazing.
OK, usually it's good to make eye contact with the jurors..............
My intent is to persuade the jury that you're not mighty and dreadful at all, but rather a slave to fate, chance, kings, et alii.
You might want to remove your head covering.
That's not what I meant by Opt-Out
Do you really think it's going that bad?
I'm afraid the jury doesn't like the look of you either.
I advise that you don't take the stand.
It looks like a hung jury.
I'll try my best, but that's a load of parking tickets.
I will try to get them to call you just Mr. Reaper.
We plead not guilty on the grounds of mistaken identity
I'm sorry to tell you sir, but I'm going to rush this a little, you see, later on I have an Appointment in Sumarra.
I hear you, but innocent until proven guilty just isn't going to work for us here.
The criminal justice system doesn't like black hoodies.
Now, when you ask if the death penalty is an option, how exactly do you mean that?
Of course in your case the death penalty is not a viable option.
Our case is simple. Facebook has no right to reject you.
They're deliberating the Death sentence.
MR. REAPER, I told you security would take your scythe.
Well, it is a scythe, so technically ax evasion isn't a completely erroneous charge.
I'm not saying it's you, but the whole jury died on sentencing day.
Lets' not mention your "profession."
I thought we talked about the hoodie.
I'd say your case has all kinds of holes in it.
Show your compassionate side.
I guess we don't have to worry about the death penalty.
Just promise me that you and your scythe will never again visit me in any way except for legal purposes and I will get you off.
I'm asking for Double Indemnity.
They are going to ask you why the email server was in your basement.
Actually, I've never had a client sentence the judge to death before.
I think we're in trouble. They're going to call Taxes to the stand.
I think that hood may prove detrimental.
Win or lose, we're still going to the party.
Look, I'll try for appeal, but they've got you on 55 million murder charges for last year alone.
I'll testify I've never stepped foot in Sleepy Hollow. I can't speak for the horse.
I told you there would be Grim Reapercussions!
I know Mr. Reaper, but I don't think you should remind the jury that everyone dies.
I find it interesting that you call me an "empty suit."
Yes, you are death. But the IRS is going to argue you still have to pay your taxes.
Showing remorse is good but in your case showing anything is a bonus.
It's a clear case of mistaken identity. The prosecution allege their client was assaulted by nine men seeking his "precious".
This is about more than just saving face.
Are you sure a quote from Thanatopsis is an appropriate response?
Enough with the dead lawyer jokes.
Saying it was his appointed day is not going to get you off
Replacing Garland with you was a brilliant move - we thought you might be able to "convince" Republicans to hold a confirmation hearing!
No, he didn't mean 'hung jury' literally.
I’ll do this pro bono if you do me a little favor …
Unfortunately, there's legal doctrine that prohibits inheritance by a person who murders someone from whom he or she stands to inherit.
I completely agree. There's no way they'll recognize you without the scythe.
Can you face the judge? I'm getting echo.
Remember, you've never seen that scythe in your life.
You could be sentenced to life.
Habeus corpus? What's that?
On second thought, I'll represent myself.
No, I don't think the witness is looking a little old.
With a little luck, you’ll get life.
Normally, I'd counsel you to take the life sentence offered. But it does not become you.
Face it. The verdict may be grim.
No,. They're saying it's the other way around.
No, I do not think the other lawyer's nickname is scarier than yours.
No Grim Reaper! Death is your job. We can't argue it wasn't premeditated.
Because you are already dead life in prison and lethal injection are not options. However, the judge may choose unlimited duration community service at a New Jersey toll booth.
No, we're hoping they're hung, not hanged.
Don't worry, I've been watching 'The People vs. OJ Simpson' we got this.
I think you are a little premature.
The hoodie's not working for us.
Death AND taxes?
I don't think they'll take the death penalty off the table.
Remember to look each juror right in the eye.
Your chances for acquittal look grim.
Our best bet is to try to get your sentences to run concurrently.
It says here, 'Turn to Seventh Seal.' What's a Seventh Seal?
Sir, you'll need to relax. He hasn't gotten the death penalty yet.
I have good news. The worst punishment going to hell.
Don't blame me. I told you to lose the hoodie.
The jury's deadlocked.
So - you'd be okay with a life sentence, right?
Plea bargain? I don't think so.
And, naturally, your taxes.
You realize that 'strike the juror' is not to be taken literally...
We’re hoping for life.
I realize she wouldn't stop for you, but that doesn't mean that if you kindly stop for her you aren't violating a traffic law.
If you're lucky, you'll get life.
Let me guess, imaginary death panels, right?
I thought that ghostwriter was just an expression
Would you be mad if you heard I don't believe in the death penalty?
Shut your hole. If they want to call it a penalty, let them call it a penalty.
I think I'd like a new tax attorney
I really don't think we should use Satan as a witness.
I object...can I object?
I think we should cop a plea and hope for the death penalty.
Now, let me get this straight ... you prefer to settle out of court and bargain with the devil?
Your fingerprints are on the scythe.
you know that death and hoodies just dont mix.
Smile. It will help you connect with the jury.
“Don’t fall for the old ‘Where were you on the night of the murder?’ trick”.
I usually recommend a Mona Lisa smile during questioning, but in your case I think a nice wide grin will work to your advantage.
Ya know, that outfit doesn't exactly exude innocence.
We gotta show that 'Be not proud' is not in the public domain.
It's a wrongful death suit.
Here's the good news: you got the death penalty.
Wait, you name is Tom?
im telling you, she was dead before i got there
So, you're telling me that the death penalty isn't even on the table?
This trial is killing me.
Were you read your rites?
So you're saying I could get life for this?
Don't you think it might be better to throw yourself on the mercy of the court?
Take the plea and you're looking at life.
The defense: "Till Death Do Us Part" won't get you far.
Yeah, I can move for a change of venue but to where?
You're right. It didn't kill me to object
Anybody see you?
Don't worry. Without the scythe, they don't have a case.
What do you mean by jury of your peers?
Try not to stare at the jury.
The good news is we're in Texas.
Any idea why your key witness is missing?
I think I can get you a life sentence.
We need to save face on this
I recommend jury tampering.
It's nothing personal, but I think I'd like to represent myself from now on.
And you stole the scythe?
Let's hope justice is blind.
"I tolled the wrong bell" is NOT a good defense.
No, I don't have any books on black magic.
Not now! I'll finish this paperwork if it kills me...
The good news is if you take the stand we might end up with a hung jury.
What do you mean, you want the death penalty? ("Want" should be ital.)
You reaper what you sower
The cloak is not helping your case.
On the bright side, the jury can't give you the death penalty again
We cop a plea, I'll get you life.
I'm a lawyer, not a magician
Don't worry. Everyone knows you are certain.
Personally, I like the hoody but it doesn't represent the 'nice guy' image we need you to have. Also, I think your name could be a problem for some of the jurors.
Remember to wipe that silly grin off your face when you are on the stand.
Bad news. They recovered the scythe.
Are you ready to face the music?
As good a attorney as I am, I can't bring you back from Hell.
you'l have to get a suit, only the judge can wear a robe in court
You realize you're getting life?
I'd lose the hood if I were you.
Hold your breath
We are going to Trump!
I'll defend you but you have to stop staring me in the face.
I don't think the death penalty will be an issue for you.
You forgot your tie again.
I'm hoping for the death penalty.
If any of your past is found admissible, you'll have to take a plea.
If the glove doesn't fit, they must acquit.
Mr. Reaper, didn't I suggest a wardrobe change for court?
But here business casual means no hoodies.
"We need you to get on the stand to show that they do not have a Prima Facie case...
I told you to wear the blue suit.
Be advised, the pen is mightier than the sickle.
I'm going to assume you're familiar with the death penalty.
Just so we're clear — in this room, you leave the soul-sucking to me.
We're down to 7 million first degrees and 3 counts of manslaughter.
Ok, so we agree that our strategy is to get the death penalty off the table.
Don't worry, I'm going to get you the death penalty.
We're going to have to call your mother.
You know, I'm actually a woman.
I told you, I don't have ANY character witnesses.
I can get you eternity, with 10 years off for good behavior.
Now don't be grim, we can always appeal.
Why strike him? Seriously, "Angel" isn't that uncommon of a name in this community.
No, the optics are not on our side.
I don't think we can find a jury of your peers.
Don't worry. I'm requesting an anonymous jury. They will relate to you.
It looks pretty grim.
She wants to keep the house.
I'm pleading life. You okay with that?
Just keep a blank face.
Sorry, but being withdrawn and feeling invisible are indefensible!
This isn't a good time to bring up your taxes.
Try telling the jury I'm the ghost of holidays past.
What the face !!!!!!!!????
Welp, so much for habeas corpus.
I'm doing this work pro malus.
No, you cannot hang the jury.
It looks bad for you, but at least the Death Penalty is off the table
I'm going to try to get him to waive the death penalty but you'll have to plead guilty to aggravated assault with a sickle.
I think I can get them to take the death penalty off the table.
Think now: "this isn't the verdict we were looking for"
Would wearing a suit and a tie to court kill you?
Trust me, the scythe wouldn't have played well with this jury.
Apparently, those were the droids they were looking for.
The jury's here... look innocent.
Tell them you can't take the whole day off.
Don't worry. I selected jurors with teenagers who look just like you.
The hood both helps and hurts.
Okay, so we agree; I'm going to go with 'If the scythe doesn't fit, you must acquit.'
Nothing is certain, Mr. Death, but taxes.
The good news is we don't have to worry about the death penalty.
Judge Deepcoat, I'm afraid we have to reveal more than your nickname to get Senate's confirmation for SCOTUS.
You're lucky there's no death peanalty.
Ordinarily, capital offenses don’t augur favorable outcomes
Remember, no jury tampering.
Is this the subcommittee hearing on Death and Taxes?
Remember. You have the right to remain silent.
I have to say- I know you said you were a CIA spook, but this is still a little startling.
I'm afraid that this state has abolished the death penalty.
I'm glad this isn't the court of public opinion.
I'm sorry, sir, but you'll have to wait until after the sentencing.
I need to be honest with you. The outlook is grim.
Spoiler alert! We don't have the death penalty in this state.
We can't use "it's my job" as your defense.
"Now??, like right now?".
Fortunately the state's outlawed eternal life.
We have a witness who can identify you from an old photo.
Are you here just for the taxes?
We will show the court you could not possibly have taken it with you.
Is there any chance you could do something about Jurors 3 and 11 during the lunch recess?
Would it hurt you to wear a tie?
Remember, no eye contact with the jury.
You should know better than anyone that when you don't pay your taxes, this sort of thing becomes inevitable.
Our defence will build on your aura of inevitability.
We're looking at death
Why did you bury the scythe in OJ's backyard?
Not now, Death - I have to finish this trial.
Let me do the talking!
There's a little problem with your character witnesses. They're all dead.
The jury wants to know if the death penalty is off the table in your case
Remember, don't make eye contact with the jury.
You should take the deal
They'll knock it down to 100 billion counts of voluntary manslaughter.
We'll win on appeal. We'll call the horsemen as witnesses.
If we don't plea you could get the death penalty.
They think you are a serial killer.
For the last time, pleading "death sentence" is not an option!
I think I get you life.
You're dead, right?
No, this state does not have the death penalty.
They're gonna big-scythe you. Want fried with that?
I'm afraid you are looking at life.
I agree the Judge looks sickly but I specifically said no to the hoodie!!
They don't take kindly to hoodies in the courtroom.
First off, I'll only refer to you as 'Mr. Grim.'
Which circle are we in?
For our next court appearance, please make yourself more presentable
I'd take the plea, the murder weapon was a scythe.
You sure nobody saw you on the crime scene?
Ask Johnnie Cochran if we should play the race card.
The only way I can get the jury to overlook the fact that you've killed everyone in the history of the world is if you get rid of the hoodie.
Remember here death hath no dominion.
You realize, if this goes badly, you may get life.
My advice, Mr. Reaper, is to lose the hoodie.
In our State they've abolished the death penalty.
Do you appreciate the irony of my plea bargaining in exchange for 'life'?
The jury was unsympathetic to your testimony of 'sucking air from their souls'
Well, it's better than yesterday's SS uniform.
Trust me; she'll get custody.
Ok, we’ll make a go at it, but you shouldn't really count on a sympathetic jury.
They've given you two minutes for high-sticking.
Listen Mr. Reaper. I think it's best that we continue to refer to you by your middle name.
I'm not sure the jury is going to like you.
A visage less grim might reap a more favorable impression from the jurors.
death becomes you but let's not rush it.
But really, would the death sentence be so bad?
It is going to be easier if you confess.
I have a sure-fire closing argument that has worked in even tougher cases than this: If the glove don't fit … .
You are going to be the death of me yet.
Your chances are looking grim, Grim.
So if I win this case, I'm off the hook?
I knew a public defender would be a death sentence.
I don't know, I've never asked for the death sentence before.
Yes, it's a penalty. And this is another reason you should let me do the talking.
Stabbed by hooded farmer is no longer considered natural causes.
Well? Did you do it?
You could have put on a tie at least!
You WANT the death sentence?
Would you settle for life?
No. You do not want to take the stand.
Its true people can't cheat you, but corporations can.
You should have appealed earlier.
Remember: you had an appointment in Samarra.
What's new in the hood?
Okay, the visit was just a social call and the heart attack was entirely coincidental
Okay great news: if you plea, the prosecutor has agreed to take the death penalty off the table.
Don't worry. Reaping is totally legal.
We should avoid the life sentence for you.
No, death without parole isn't an option.
Grim, is what I would consider your chances of successfully arguing against the death penalty Mr. Reaper.
I hope you were one of the dead lawyers on ocean's bottom. We need a good start here.
I may actually put you on the stand.
And what's the worst that could happen, death row?
Can we lighten the face to highlight your inner innocence ?
Tomorrow, wear the suit and tie.
Listen, can you get me out of this profession?
I think we have a better chance if we go with your middle name - Larry Reaper'
I told you not to wear your work clothes to court.
I don't really know who you are.
Those law school loans are killing me!
I have to warn you, this could become pretty grim.
Of course our services are complementary ... as a matter of professional courtesy.
I told you not to wear black. It makes the jury think you're evil.
Try not to show any emotion.
Chances
They need you to try on the gloves.
We could argue no one actually saw you.
Avoid eye contact with the jurors
It's good news...you got life.
So we'll petition the court to vacate the ruling.
Chances look grim, Reaper.
Trust me, changing your name to "Morose Reaper" will endear you to this jury!
Let's forget about making eye contact with the jury.
Look, I know how to pronounce it, but I'm still going to call you Dr. Deeth.
Worst case: You get the death penalty. Which you can live with, right?
At least they can't hang you.
I told you, I got a very good feeling about this. I mean, you look just like death warmed over.
The death penalty isn't much of a plea bargain.
Remember: she was dead when you got there.
Sooo...... how do you feel about lawyers?
My client would like to know how legally binding the term "till Death due us part" is.
You've got to stop staring at the jury like that
I think there's a good chance you'll get life.
I don't know if the death sentence is viable in Judge Judy.
Remember, no killing the judge.
He's sentencing you to life
Remember, you were just the lackey who delivered fresh souls to Satan. Eternal damnation was his idea.
We should probably talk about the death penalty.
try to look on the bright side
It wasn't me.
No, a life sentence does not mean that you're exempt.
Interesting idea, but it's not the way plea bargains usually work
We need to change your image. You look like death warmed over.
Our problem is the jury will find it hard to sympathize with you.
Try to maintain eye contact with the jury.
It would really help if you lost the hoodie.
Credibility..may be an issue.
Some good news: they don't have fingerprints.
Just say you manage retirement plans.
I didn't realize that parking in a Fire Lane was now a capital crime.
You're looking at five to eternity.
If we play our cards right, I can get you life.
Sooner or later, you're going to have to face it.
I'm not going to lie - things look pretty grim.
You really gotta stop showing up at the scene of the crime.
Did you kill this man?
All in all, your chances are pretty good...considering they didn't find a sicle.
In your case, the death penalty might be preferable to jail time.
Self defense. Really???
Whatever you do ... don't act proud.
No, I don't think changing your name now will help, Mr.Axe Murderer!
To gain the jury's approval, I strongly advise you to take a holiday.
Please try not to approach the witness.
He wants ten more years. Let's offer two good and three so-so.
Even death deserves a good defense.
They have never had someone ask for the death penalty before.
As your tax attorney, I hope to subtract one item from that so called two-things-for-certain list.
At least you won't need to worry about the death penalty.
Don't give me that look; prison's an upgrade.
No, I don't think that telling the judge that you were responsible for the death of all people since the beginning of time has helped our defense.
He sentenced you to life, just for the irony.
I've had this judge before. Copyright infringement on the phrase 'Death Penalty' is totally winnable.
How empty do you think I feel?
So what makes you think you were profiled?
We're going to try to plead it down to being the anthropomorphic personification of involuntary manslaughter.
You know your reputation isn't helping here, right?
If all else fails, we'll ask for a writ of Habeus corpse.
I don't think they'll push for the death penalty.
Relax... that facial recognition software will not incriminate you.
I'm glad you didn't bring your scythe.
You know, you're really not making my job easier with this routine, Mr. Shkreli." "I plead the 5th.
Enough with this alias stuff. No one's gonna believe you're the Grime Reaper.
I think they're going to seek the Death penalty.
Don't worry. They can't get a positive ID on your face.
The jury would see right through you.
Hard to believe this is your first trial.
By the way, where do I send your bill?
Don't worry. They can't give you the death penalty, suicide is illegal.
No fingerprints on the scythe - they haven't got a case.
When I said dress up for court, I didn't mean as the Grim Reaper.
They have no case, it is all circumstantial evidence.
Yes, your chances are also grim.
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you don't look like a public defender.
Yes I think we both agree the Death penalty is discriminatory in your case.
They've got you at the scene. They've got you on motive. Let's leave the reaper home again tomorrow, OK?
You do the final argument.
My client has a great alibi. That night Irene died, he was at Heather's place. And Gertrud's place. And John's...
I don't think they'll give you the death penalty.
So, you say you were at your club playing squash.
I think the best we can get you here is life.
This case is gonna be the death of me...
May I call you Grim, Mr. Reaper?
Your homeowners won't cover my fees.
Just a reminder, the death penalty is on the table.
Don’t look so grim, the verdict isn’t in.
Why yes, it is a death penalty case but what do you care?
So you think we should go for the death penalty?
Death was told to relax, for he knew the security cameras didn’t capture his face.
Without the scythe I don't think they'll buy it.
If you were merely a witness to his death we could make a plea bargain, but his family is sure you brought about his demise.
If it's a life sentence, we'll appeal.
Guilty until proven innocent, in your case.
Here again.
It doesn't really matter, right?
If you testify, they can ask about your prior record -- is that ok?
Death....you need to take the stand....You are facing life.
The judge won't accept the "trying to find yourself" defense.
If you're willing to roll on heart disease I think I can get you a deal.
Well, in your case, it is kind of a win-win.
I told my wife I couldn't go to the store last night because I had an appointment with you. She told me to get a life.
Now would be a good time to show a little emotion.
"Self-defence" may be a very tough sell.
Your chances for acquittal look really grim.
I'm afraid you're sentenced to life. But it is without hope
If the sickle doesn't fit, they must acquit.
Are you absolutely certain you don't have any more skeletons in your closet?
Ironically, you are looking at life
You still have the right to remain silent, but here you'll have to claim the Fifth Amendment.
If you were merely a witness to his death we could make a plea bargain, but his family is sure you did it. (edited)
When they told you we would do this "pro bono," who were you talking to?
The prosecution is talking death penalty.
Well, Justice is blind, so I guess the whole invisibility thing is moot.
I know I said this would be pro bono but your hands are making me feel anti bono
Don't worry. You won't get life.
I warned you not to wear a hoodie! Now you're goose is cooked!
What are the odds? I specialize in estate taxes.
We can always ask for more time.
My hunch is the most submitted caption will be: "Could you act a little less grim?"
Should I plead "not guilty"?
We've got this. I think the jury likes you.
I thought you, of all people, would speak Latin.
Remember, if the hood don't fit.....you must acquit......!
Plead insanity and say you lost your head.
You've got to stop pointing at the jurors
Sorry, Senator Wasserman there simply is no affirmative defense for the alleged charges of rape in 1st-20th degree of the DNC stewardship of the 2016 Democratic nomination! process!
At least death is off the table.
Good news, you're eligible for the death penalty.
So it's true. You do reap what you sow.
Remember, keep your answers short and I'll lighten things up on redirect.
So you say in Hell there are ONLY attorneys or there's just a special place for us there?
For the jury, focus more on the 'angel' than the 'death' part.
Bad news. Taxes is turning state's evidence.
I have to be honest. Things are looking pretty grim, Mr. Reaper.
The judge denied your Writ of Habeas Corpse
But if you take it off Jamal, you're DEFINITELY going to lose.
You don't get a jury of your exact peers.
Short of a living will, their argument is immaterial.
That special place for lawyers--I don't go there, right?
It's all come down to the eyewitness.
You see, when a comedian dies on stage, it's just a saying.
She's firm on the pet groomer.
They can't make the terrorism charges stick.
You were just doing your job.
Be not proud—you need to look more sympathetic.
She'll return your scythe in exchange for her The Walking Dead DVDs.
Mr Reaper, I wouldn't advise taking the fifth if I were you...
I have to tell you, this is the first case I've had in which the plaintiff has demanded that a perfectly healthy person be removed from life support.
Yes, I believe that would be considered jury tampering.
yes... the campaign is going well
We’re light on character witnesses.
You may want take the 5th.
I think we should ask for life.
Let me show you how a real soul-sucking job is done.
Lawyer: I kept telling you, there are only two things certain in this life. You should have just paid your taxes, this is how they got Blade.
Now is not the time to write poems.
I don't think you quite understand the concept Habeas Corpus...
Don't worry - 'until death do you part' is now negotiable.
I'm afraid that could be construed as witness intimidation.
No, I don't think a demonstration would help your case right now.
Twelve across, five letters. Opposite of life.
Just telling you, this judge doesn't like hoodies
Would you settle for life without possibility of parole?
You didn't do yourself any favors with that cologne.
No, not going well...not well at all.
I think you're looking at life.
You are the last client I will take on before my retirement.
Could it be the New Yorker is "not good?"
Statistically speaking, your odds are pretty good.
Nobody cares about your puppy!
your community service has been taken into consideration.
If we enter a guilty plea and ask for the death penalty, what have you got to lose?
It's going to be very difficult to afford to avoid the death penalty.
Sorry, this is New York. You can't demand the death penalty
You got to face up to it...
No, taking the stand now won't really help.
It's going to be tough to beat 42 billion counts of murder.
No...."Death Penalty" isn't an insult.
And how do you see yourself now, Mr Presley?
All things considered, 30 years isn't so bad.
Try to put your best face on this.
Just so you know, that getup is not helping your case.
I was hoping you would wear your blue suit with the red tie.
No, I'm sorry, you cannot execute yourself
Look at the bright side, how bad could the death penalty be?
It may well be his "time" but taking the judge now isn't going to help your case one bit.
You may get life.
Mr. President Elect, The 2014 IRS audit has just started.
I'm not sure that look will result in a hung-jury.
Are you willing to be cross examined?
Remember, you were just a bookkeeper, and occasionally helped on collections.
We just need to stick to the story, ‘He was already dead when you got there.’
Sure it is all circumstantial but you have to admit you have been present at an awful out of murders
Will you please stop saying you're OK with the death penalty?
I'm just saying that shouting 'I've got your death penalty right here!' wasn't a great way to start.
It's going to be tough—the IRS is as certain of their case as we are of ours.
Good news. The judge is an existentialist.
You let your ex-wife pick out your clothes for court?
Look, if you just leave, I'll cut you in for half of my contingent fee.
We've only a ghost of a chance.
Unless we can turn the tide, a life sentence is the best you're gonna get.
...asking for the death penalty is unprecedented.
Well, it's "death penalty" with a lower-case "d" so your brand is still safe.
Remember. You're just the messenger -- just doing your job.
Fortunately, the death penalty is off the table.
I don't say this lightly, Greg. You killed it up there on on the witness stand.
Trust me, you'll look less guilty with glasses.
It was her idea to put it in the vows: "Till Death do us part."
People accepted you until you took Michael Jackson
No, a hung jury isn't what we're looking for.
They're saying he bought the super size soda from a machine not a restaurant so we may not need you here.
Try not to mention anything about your past.
It will help your defense if we refer to you as something other than the Grim Reaper.
Best case scenario: we get life....
Plead the scythe.
But they don't accept testimony from the deceased.y
We don't have a ghost of a chance.
Just don't laugh when they talk about the death penalty.
I'm your lawyer, and you want me to ask for the death penalty?
In America, every person has a second chance
Do you believe in karma?
The verdict is looking a little grim.
Try to be less foreboding.
You don't recollect, only collect. You may evoke the scythe.
Good news; you're getting death.
If you get life, you can walk.
I don’t think “It was the salmon mousse” will work as a defense.
Sure, mortality is inevitable, but it's not a defense.
I'm sorry, but it looks like you'll be sentenced to Life.
I'm not sure that taking the stand will help get the jury's sympathy.
I know, I know, he was already dead when you got there.
I don't think calling Satan as a character witness was such a good idea.
It couldn't hurt to meet with the stylist.
Well good thing for you you didn't kill all the lawyers
He said it's looking pretty grim for you.
I told you not to wear your work clothes.
Statute of Limitations.
Try not to hang the jury this time.
That selfie you took on the river Styx really killed your alibi.
Three words of advice if you want to win this: Be not proud.
Even though our side can no longer count on Scalia's vote, we can still consult him.
If they ask you anything about Scalia, you answer: "On the advice of my counsel I respectfully exercise my fifth amendment right and decline to answer that question."
Our best strategy is to ask for life.
Life insurance at my age? I don't think so.
You left your scythe where?
As your attorney, I think it's in your best interest to accept the plea deal offering you life.
Yes, I see the irony.
Normally I'd say lose the hoodie...
This trial will be the death of me.
Sir, if you insist on wearing that hoodie, they're definitely going to think you killed all those people.
Not good,. She ID'd you.
Face it, you're dead.
Tell me your darkest secret!
We need to get the jury to like you.
I'm sorry, I did my best, but it looks like life.
We'll plead self-defense.
Would it kill you to wear a suit and tie?
Remember: you tell the jury you were just doing your job.
We Made It! DNA, Death Penalty Reversal, Immortality
Remember, try to avoid eye contact with anyone on the jury.
It means, 'Show me the body.'
Luckily this jury is as pro death as they come.
Just be yourself - Death Eaters have rights too.
I get the feeling that everyone else in the courtroom is just for show.
We're good to go for now, but later, to save face, you'll have to show yours in order to win this thing.
To be honest things look grim, real grim.
Hey, at least we know the death penalty is off the table.
I said "coat and tie," not "cloak and scythe."
So we're going to challenge eyewitness identification?
I don't think changing your name from "Grim" to "Wonderful" is going to influence the jury.
Are you saying - as your lawyer, I must argue it was inevitable?
OK, you want me to argue that it's cruel and unusual punishment, to avoid the life penalty.
I'm cautiously pessimistic.
Let me get this straight - you would like me to _ask_ for the death penalty?
Why do I always have to be "taxes"?
Permit me to play Devil's advocate.
From here on, I hope you'll dress more appropriately for court.
But you are the final argument.
When you testify, try not to be so grim.
I've represented worse.
The it's-my-job defense has no legal precedent."
Now turn and face the jury.
I know it's tempting, but please avoid using the death and taxes cliche.
The prosecution is seeking the You penalty.
What do you care how I dress, I'm doing the case pro bono!
This isn't going to be easy--you're a repeat offender.
Don't say anything about your plans for tonight.
With this plea, we can get you life in prison instead of the death sentence.
Not that it matters to you, but I have gotten the death penalty off the table.
Listen, I have to level with you. I'm not accredited.
If you let her live, she'll let you keep the beach house.
Try not to look so grim on the stand.
Getting a venue change to the underworld might be difficult.
I thought I told you to ditch the hoodie.
Let me get this right. You want a stay of execution?
You don't have anything else you can wear?
When I said 'delete your profile', I meant Facebook.
Here's the deal: You give them naming rights, they let you walk.
I really wish you had followed my advice and worn a suit.
This is traffic court, Tax court is next door in courtroom C
I know you did it, they know you did it, but for know just play it cool.
I have no objection to the death penalty.
My guess is you don't want Life without Parole.
Our best bet is a hung jury.
You brought the wrong folder - these are just a bunch of death certificates.
When the judge says "death", that means a penalty, not an occupation.
I have to be honest, this is my first 100 billion tuple murder case.
It doesn't look good. The judge was a huge David Bowie fan.
Sorry, but you don't stand a ghost of a chance with this jury.
Ix-nay on the 'D' word.
Well at least you won't have to worry about getting the death penalty.
Sorry, Death, you have been sentenced to life.
Are you sure you want to go through with this appeals process?
You can't ask for the death penalty instead of paying your parking tickets.
The guilty verdict is disappointing, but I'm pleased with the death sentence.
No one else saw you either.
How does the death penalty sound to you?
You do know they are asking for death?
THIS WILL BE A WIN FOR OUR SIDE, NOBODY RECOGNIZED YOU AT THE LINE UP.
We're going to argue for diminished responsibility, Mr. Reaper, on the grounds that your actions were controlled by another agent, Fate.
The case against Taxes has been severed. It's just you now.
OK, but this in the last time ...............who's there?
Unfortunately, this is a class action lawsuit.
Please don't do your victory dance if they find you guilty.
Yes, I know you are guaranteed a jury of your peers.
Death and taxes, I'm sure you've heard the expression before.
Honestly, I wouldn't worry so much about the speeding tickets.
Remember what we talked about...eye contact, eye contact, eye contact!
Bad news, you could get life.
Good news: judge is throwing out the line up ID.
I told you the scythe wouldn't make it past security.
Eventually you will need to show up in person.
When were you going to tell me you weren't wearing your cloak ?
Life, of course.
Are you here for death or taxes?
They offered us a plea deal: Parole without life.
I swear I have New York values and I didn't vote for Cruze
Bad news: your sentence is going to be Life.
So your explanation is that they were dead when you got there...
I strongly suggest you take the Fifth.
They got Al Capone, but I think we're good.
The outlook of your case is very grim.
The judge is insisting that to dismiss "prima facie" you actually have to have a face.
No you plead the *Fifth*, not the Sythe.
We'll use your internet entrepreneur status in the character defense.
so, in this case, the prosecutor is willing to make a plea bargain.
You did "what" with the pitch fork?
A jury of your peers does't mean they have to be wearing hoodies.
Perhaps we should discuss a plea bargain.
Well there's Heaven which provides unlimited texting and there's Hell which prohibits use of all devices. So sir kindly place your phone on the table and follow me.
They're obviously going to have a tough time implementing capital punishment without your cooperation, but there's no getting around the fact that you really have taken a lot of lives.
Did someone advise you to refrain facial expression?
I assume you have no problem with the death penalty?
Well, they did say they wanted more page views.
Have one of your friends make a visit to Juror #9
No, the death penalty is not off the table.
Next time wear a tie.
That's not exactly what I had in mind when I mentioned a hung jury.
Fortunately they don't have your fingerprints
How indispensable is the black cloak?
Yes, I suppose the fact that all the possible witnesses are dead could be considered a good thing.
Look, I don't care if you are Clarence Darrow, I don't want any help!
They want to know who issued your scythe license.
Did you have to wear that hoodie today?
They've got enough to put you away for life.
Stop asking for the desk penalty, it's just a parking ticket.
The death penalty is off the table. But they're seeking 30 years to life at the circus.
Just try to not smirk or roll your eyes under cross examination.
Remember, if they ask for whom the bell tolls, take the fifth.
[ahem] ...could you repeat that number again? You say that you are responsible for how many deaths?
No, facing the jury is a bad idea.
The judge wants to know why you killed those 100 billion people.
So you're saying life without parole isn't as long as it sounds and I should just take the deal?
I know you're "just not another pretty face" but prove it to the jury...
Sorry, Death. Looks like you might be facing yourself.
I'm not putting you on the stand; they'll see right through you.
I'll do my best, but 187 trillion counts of murder is going to be tough.
So you weren't identified in the lineup?
I told you winning a chess game is not admissible evidence.
It's not looking good. The prosecution has you on 100 billion counts of homicide.
I should warn you that everyone is trying to cheat you
No, we can't ask for the death penalty
The charge will be reduced to manslaughter if we can prove it was an accident.
If we lose, you get life.
Think we should plea bargain for 'life'??
I told you to dress for court!
There are pluses and minuses to taking the stand in one’s own defense. In your case I would go with the minuses.
Just watch what you say, you have that guilty look.
By the way, for my fee...I'd like my soul back.
I know, but this is a civil case, not a death penalty trial.
Well, what kind of penalty did you expect?
Congress is not technically dead, it just doesn't do anything.
And remember, I've never had a client with a rap like yours.
They confiscated your scythe because you keep raggin' on all that "harvester of souls" nonsense.
Lets see how do I put this,I think the jury finds you off putting
I have to be honest, it's looking pretty grim.
Juries respond much better to business casual.
Don't be worried. We have her prior statement that you kindly stopped for her.
You'd already sold the scythe on Kijiji, right?
Looks like we can get them for damaging your livelihood.
Do a lot of capital cases do you?
I'm pretty certain we'll beat the murder charge, but there's no escaping the back taxes
Didn't I ask you to wear a softer color?
The worst case scenario is a Life sentence.
You haven't a ghost of a chance with this judge.
I'm afraid we can't get you on death row.
That "Line Up" ID certainly is not going to help our case.
You're the client but, in my opinion, wailing "your time is coming" to the judge is not a winning defense strategy.
Thanks for not bringing the scythe today.
And don't forget, whatever you do don't look the jury in the eye.
I thought I told you, evidence from face recognition software isn't admissible.
Smile a lot.
Ah hell, let's put you on the stand. What do we have to lose?
The judge is in poor health. He'll listen.
No Hoodies in the court room
Try not to be so grim.
Excellent, I hope to represent you in the future… yes we do work with clients more than once.
I'm not the one on trial here you know. I don't appreciate your attitude.
"It will go better if you don't say "over your dead body" to the judge again.
If you don't take the plea deal, the prosecutor's going to seek the life penalty.
And try not to ask the judge where he got his robe this time.
Are you sure? Most of my clients try to avoid the death penalty.
We'll talk about the tunnel next week.
Yes, Texas does have the death penalty.
No, no, no - You're GETTING the death penalty
Remember, you're taking the Fifth.
Racketeering? Are you kidding me?
Are you sure you're disclosing everything?
Am I the Victim, or the Defendant?
Ready, Mr. Durst?
Let's bluff 'em, and leave the 'death sentence' on the table.
When I said 'Business Attire', I should've been clearer
Call me a traditionalist, but I prefer the black cap.
Ok, we're going to introduce you as an 'expert witness' in your field....
Remember: The Devil Made You Do It.
Remember, the victim touched you.
Try not to look so grim, Mr. Reaper.
Really ? This again. I told you I am not going to call you Mr. Grim Reaper. Just Mr. Reaper. It works better with juries and I think is just sounds more professional.
I recommend avoiding eye contact with the jury.
You ever heard the expression, "dead right"? I didn't think so, take the offer.
The good news is that, technically, you can't get the death penalty.
If the editor is found guilty for not responding to submissions of cartoons in a timely manner, you can have him.
The plea is guilty or not guilty not I just lost my head.
Yes, your best chance at this point would be a hung jury.
I'd say we have a pretty cut-and-dry case of profiling here.
It's not likely anyone will recognize you.
Remember, always make eye contact with the Jury, I think we are winning them over
It's not you. It's your name. This is a political correctness trial. They now want to call you, "The Reaper".
I know its your image - but you have to ditch the hoodie!
When you asked me if I was pro bono, this is not what I had in mind.
The jury is not likely to award you his soul in punitive damages.
No, Blue Oyster Cult performing "Don't Fear the Reaper" wouldn't qualify as character witness testimony.
This puts a new spin on "Dead Man Walking"
The jugge just reminded us that no hoodies are allowed in the courtroom.
Lawyer: "Remember, they were dead when you got there."
The Judge told me you are not to threaten the jury anymore.
Tell him you have a vow of silence.
Your not here because of that stuff. You're here because you didn't pay your taxes.
If they ask you about death panels, take the Fifth.
Don't worry. The life penalty is not legal in this state.
We can beat this.
How are you not in jail yet?
I can reassure you, that is no precedent second time for death role.
I really wish you wouldn't take the phrase "face your accuser" so personally.
You're right, I don't think the Most Wanted poster is what gave you away...
Stop it. They'll just keep bringing in a new judge.
Push for the death penalty.
Remember, if we win, no high fives. Paralegals don't grow on trees.
I think you should quit your day job.
You gotta lose the hoodie
And you're certain that you submitted the 1040 on time?
Yes, yes, pro bono!
Yes, they are seeking the Death Penalty and no, I don't think we need to worry.
You don't have much of a murder case here, I think we should go with insanity.
We should go with the "If the scythe don't fit, you must acquit defense."
With any luck you will get the death penalty
What do you mean, you WANT life?
It doesn't look good--the sentence for open carry of a scythe is from here to eternity.
They have to acquit. The sickle doesn't fit.
The judge's ruling is that you cannot bring the scythe with you into the courtroom. It made all of the attorneys nervous, even me.
Relax. I specialize in getting my clients the death penalty.
I told you to wear the blue cloak.
It's immaterial to try to get life.
Well good news bad news scenario. The good news is your not guilty.The bad news is you don't get a Life Sentence.
As your council I think its best not bring up Obi-Wan Kenobi
No. I wouldn't suggest you try to make eye contact with the jurors.
You were the last ghost to see Scrooge alive, No one's buying that he woke up happy.
Don't worry. Even if we lose, you can just slip right out of the cell.
That's fine, but then you'll need to do the taxes phase of the trial.
Judge: The scythe is inadmissible. Lawyer to Death: We got this in the bag. Death to Judge: I'll need that back.
No one seems to know why or by whom Judgment Day was capitalized in the statute.
Seriously? You want me to tell them you didn't reap the benefits?
Lose the hoodie and their witness will never identify you.
We're pushing for death with parole, but it doesn't look promising.
It's not the hoodie that worries me.
Yes, I know, but the prospect of global overcrowding is unlikely to get you a favorable verdict.
I know you are homesick, but you can't get the death penalty for speeding!
If you're acquited, can we discuss D.T.?
dude just play it cool, no one will think you wanted to kiss that girl
Well, you can take the plea ... or you know kill everyone.
Whatever you do, don't bring out your scythe.
It would be time for that killer closing you keep talking about.
That's so hollow...
I think I can get the judge to agree to a 10-to-life sentence.
Since you're already dead, they'll give you life.
No - they don't give the death penalty for jay walking in this state.
Look if we lose it's not going to kill you.
Don't worry, defending serial killers is my specialty!
The firm has been working me to death.
Because your robe fits; you might as well call it quits!
I don't think they can produce any witnesses.
It means that your request to be appointed legal guardian has been denied.
Hang on, I've got a killer objection to make.
It is, too, a jury of your peers; we're in Texas.
You'll either get a life sentence or the death penalty. So it's a win-win.
Big Pharma wants an injunction against you. It's good for shareholders.
it would help your case if you appeared remorseful
Rumor has it they are concerned about executing the death penalty
Remember, you were just the messenger.
They're willing to drop the homicide charge if you plead guilty to misdemeanor theft of a scythe
Mr. Reaper, there is still the outstanding issue of your bill.
Because you're a family friend I'll do it pro bono
As you are quite aware, you don't have a chance.
You're in luck--all their witnesses have mysteriously died.
The good news is the prosecutor is taking the You Penalty off the table.
"Not hung. I said we need a young jury." (italicize "hung" and "young")
You can't deadhead the neighbors pansies with a scythe just because you didn't get Yard of the Month!
"Are you here for the vacancy"?
OK. They’ve assembled a new jury. No more frog curses.
Everybody knows you were supposed to knock first!
We can get a reduced sentence if you snitch on the big guy.
Nothing personal, but I prefer a different court appointed attorney.
When Her Honor recesses for lunch, we need to get you a tie!
We are going to ask for the death penalty and have you remanded into your own custody.
They're trying to decide if Habeas No Corpus counts.
They want you to try on the hat.
Mr. Reaper, the hoodie is not helping.
Just remember. We're pleading ex post facto.
They'll never take your story at face value.
Do you go by Grim or Mr Reaper....
The prosecution is now claiming your DNA is all over the scythe they found at the scene.
Yes, I remember specifically asking you to wear a suit.
I know you'd prefer a hung jury.
I'm afraid your case is totally specious.
Does it really matter if they give you life or death?
You're being sentenced to life.
The prosecution is pushing for the life penalty.
I think it would be in your best interest to avoid using your nickname.
Why are you giving me a blank look? Don't you understand the charges?
So, let me get this right, you WANT the death penalty?
Remember. Project a positive image for the jury.
OK. With this judge, "self defense " going to be a tough sell.
'It's time we take about my bill...'
Your best option is to take the death penalty.
American Crime Story: The People vs The GOP
Any chance for parole?
So the verdict is in.
You're off the hook if you get the death penalty Joking aside!
Yes, shaving would have helped.
I advise you to take the deal. Otherwise, you risk getting life.
You sure you won't change your mind about wearing that suit and tie I brought for you?
As my client, I have to be honest with you - the death penalty is a distinct possibility.
Our alibi is taxes.
Just to confirm: you are NOT taking the stand.
I'm sorry the verdict didn't allow you to save face.
Don't look directly at the jury, they'll consider it confrontational...
I got them down to 100 billion manslaughters.
Once again, that you only hired the hit man is not a viable defense.
I want to make death great again.
Look Mr. Death I accepted parsnips for your dui but this is a pandemic I'm going to need cash.
You couldn't have worn a suit?
If things go wrong, you might get the you penalty.
You know this whole "hoodie thing" you got going on REALLY isn't helping us out right now.
There is one big hole in our case.
It was worth a shot, but I don't think the jury is buying you as "The Gracious Reaper".
You got life.
Don't worry, the witness didn't see a thing.
Isn't there a family member here today who could run home and get you a necktie?
Okay, you can keep the hood, but please wear glasses tomorrow. We need the jury to see your softer side.
From beyond the grave Mr. Drumph insists, "I'll sue!"
"GUESS WHO?" IS NOT A NAME!
So, if he asks what your occupation is, take the fifth.
You should drop the hoodie. It will make you look less grim.
Were you being honest when you said you didn't kill him?
What do you mean, there's no escape?
I told you to bring you head to court!
I just don't think a hoodie conveys the right message.
You will need to explain why the death rate is still one each.
Why so grim?
Let's opt for the death penalty. It'll give us grounds for appeal.
If they ask about lawn mowing, mention your Bad Boy MZ.
Bit late for a call for reform of capital punishment
Of course, you are aware of the what the maximum penalty would be.
Just answer the question. Don't volunteer any information.
Remember, call it the "Estate Tax."
The prosecution will try to get you to grin. Don't.
Our chances are Grim to none and Grim just left town.
They want to give you life.
I told you yesterday the judge does not approve of hoodies.
Your wife will drop all charges if you continue to have no contact with her.
I thought this was a sentence you would be comfortable with . . .
I think the hoodie might give the jury the wrong impression.
I like that I'm not the most unpopular person in the courtroom for once.
At least you look less menacing to the jury without your scythe.
On a side note, keep sending those ambulances, and I'll keep chasing'em.
I believe you've met judge and jury.
Death becomes you.
It appears to be a hung jury.
If worse comes to worst, you could get life.
I'm afraid the best we can hope for is life.
They're bailiffs at every door, there's no escaping, Death.
How many times do we need to go over this? "It was his time to go" is not a sound defense.
How about going forward I handle the jokes.
face it, without your testimony, we're going to lose this case.
Gross negligence to deliver a timely death is a slap on the wrist. You're looking at 6 months, minus Eternity already served..
I'll sum up for the jury and you take the penalty phase.
Just think of it this way, a life time career doing what you love.
By the way... I have some bad news.
Brace yourself for the possibility of a Death sentence.
The death penalty is our best chance to get you home.
You have nothing to worry about. They'll never be able to identify you.
We like this judge. Let me do the sidebars, okay?
I'd like to ask for a continuance.
OK but when you're on the stand don't be so grim.
Looks like your going to miss your tee time, the judge is keeping the death penalty on the table.
I'll open with Dante.
'Let me do the talking now, Donald'
I know you're an expert witness, but this is a TAX case.
Soooo, no matter which way the jury goes, we're OK. Right?
I think we can assume the death penalty is out.
Know anything about a scythe?
Looks like you're missing your tee time, the judge is keeping the death penalty on the table.
Just plead the Sith
So, I don't think we'll be able to get the death sentence off the table...
On second thought, maybe the smile is a bad idea.
After this, I'm getting my taxes done. Wanna come?
What? You really need to borrow my glasses?
you never should have popped that pimple.
A hung jury is a win for us.
Under no circumstances are you to breath on me.
No need to look so grim. But if I were you, I'd ditch the hoody and be not proud.
I say loose the hoodie.
Where's my client?
So you're saying, you came up with the title "To Kill A Mockingbird"...
It would help your case if you stopped slowly pointing at each member of the jury.
Wrongful death is really not a good way to boost your numbers
Grim reaper, I think we have an excellent case against death and taxes
Trust me! If the court can turn a corporation into a person, it can turn you into one, too.
You're accused of ghosting on your wife
I said you may take the fifth not Judge Fitch.
No, I've already explained this: "I was just following orders" isn't a legitimate defense.
I think you'll like him, he's a hanging judge.
Don't interrupt me, I'm killing it.
I just really think you should have gone with a coat and tie.
You need to cut a deal. Otherwise it's death without the possibility of parole.
I'm sorry -- they never found your body.
They got you for tax evasion. You know the saying: you and taxes.
Now don't go losing your head over this - juries notice every little thing.
If only we could stop the next witness from testifying.
So...What do you want to do for lunch?
I'll claim you're being framed because of the hoodie.
so tell me about your depression
Try to look innocent.
Bad day to lose your hairdryer.
Anything less than the death penalty and we'll appeal.
..and your claim is as the ghostwriter ?
The deal is, if I get you off, I never see you again.
I'll plead you down from grim reaping to simple reaping.
The judge thinks it is a hollow argument
How do you feel about capital punishment?
Not only you should take the fifth, but all twelve of them.
Would it have killed you to wear a tie and jacket?
Now remember, it's because you were wearing a hoodie.
They are digging up a jury of your peers.
I guess you don't have a problem with the Death Penalty here.
OK, that might work, but what about taxes?
My shrink tells me that they are naming the new syndrome after me!
Now, that's grim.
I thought I told you to try and "Blend" for the Line Up.
Your the Special Investigator from the I.R.S. assign to me? Just my luck, Of course you are! Well about my Taxes.
Relax..you're in good hands. I got Taxes off on a technicality last week.
You don't have any lips, so let me do the talking. Let me do the talking.
It may be advantageous if you remove the hoodie and stop the moaning sounds, your frightening everyone in the courtroom.
Do not plead guilty.
Sorry about the scythe, makes the judge nervous.
Finally, a proper attorney.
What? You're not certain about your taxes?
What do you mean, look on the bright side?
Don't smile at the jury
You're going to have to appear before the jury, okay?
Do you think a softer colored robe would humanize me to the jury?
The stages here are similar to what you're used to seeing. Deny everything, argue, plea bargain, but ultimately accept the verdict.
As your lawyer I must advise you not to kill anyone during the lunch break.
I don't think that,'It was his time', is an adequate defense.
Now that's how you present a case. It was a good day for the law firm of O'Malley, Goldstein & Reaper.
Please, no jury tampering.
Don't worry. They can't find you on Facebook.
Being sick of talking heads is not a defense.
oh man no omen!
With a plea deal, we should be able to avoid the You penalty.
No worries. There appears to be no witnesses left.
I said it was best to look grim during a homicide defense, not look like the grim reaper.
Next time try to remember: Death AND taxes
I'm your perfect lawyer, I've got no soul.
You are sure to win, it's a tax case.
I believe you that no one tips the ferryman. It's the IRS who thinks you're under-reporting.
Right now, I think the death penalty is off the table.
It's a complicated trial, but I suspect you'll walk away unscythed.
Maybe you should look in the mirror. The death penalty looks inevitable in this case.
I don't think we'll have to worry about punitive damages.
Well, looks like you're getting life.
This is not going to be easy.
Now don't forget to shake hands with the prosecutor.
Forget the Jury. I'll talk them to death.
Stop intimidating the witness.
The jury is back and they look grim, Mr. Reaper.
Do you have any lighter clothes? A tie maybe?
Ditching the scythe was a good first step. Now about the hoodie...
I understand not afraid of capital Punishment.
Sorry. It's not that your too grim, it's the hoody...
You're saying that I'm still on the hook for this?
Are you sure juror eight was at your funeral?
Can't they call you by your first name, Angel? Always with the "Mr. Of Death."
Do your best to avoid eye contact
You're lucky we're in Nebraska, where you're protected by the concealed-scythe law.
Okay so you can go lethal injection or your scythe?
Keep in mind: O.J. was acquitted.
As your attorney, I advise you to keep the hood on.
I'll assume you will be seeking the death penalty.
You can't plead "It's my job" to the murder charge.
In your case the death penalty is beyond ironic.
Are you sure you're sure?
Truth be told, our chances of winning this case are looking pretty grim...
No witness. No DNA. No case!
Frankly, I think you should accept the plea bargain and opt for life.
i will see if i can get you life.
Best not to mention that whole, "Black Plague" thing.
Life without parole in your case is worse than death as I calculate it.
Our basic defense is, it was too dark to see a damn thing.
No, I am not going to let you testify.
So, I assume you want the death penalty.
Would it have killed you to wear a jacket and tie?
Your chances look grim.
Try to stop smiling every time he says 'death penalty'.
Relax. No jury would dare find you guilty.
Maybe we should settle out of court.
Either way it's a death sentence.
You know, I have never lost a death penalty case.
Even if we don't win, we've got a great shot at a miniseries.
The verdict could be grim.
We're trying to get you life.
First listen to my closing argument.
Any chance tomorrow you can wear the plaid outfit , you are scaring the jury
Are you sure you don't want to plead and get life?
No, I don't think it's a good idea for you to take the stand."
I told you... the death penalty's off the table!
I recommend you plead the fifth.
Relax, I got Taxes off scot-free.
Go against the 8th if you want. To me, looking at that mole on your hoodie? Cruel, Unusual and DISTURBING, son!
Unfortunately they have fingerprints.
Try not to look at the jury.
It's a reverse plea bargain. They want you 50 years to life.
I'm afraid they'll give you life.
We'll plead solo.
You're just an empty suit.
Are you sure you want to claim you had affluenza?
I don't think they believe this was your first offense.
I'm going to ask that you pay my bill before you testify.
Look right at number four when you say 'death penalty' and he'll come around.
Pro bono, not pro bone.
All I'm saying is that the hoodie looks menacing, Karl. Would it have killed you to put on a suit like I asked?
You were right, the jury would have seen through your headless testimony.
You know, in most cases the petition for clemency is made before the execution
We'll plead not guilty by reason of invisibility.
A hoodie! Couldn't you wear something else?
You're absolutely certain you want a tax attorney?
Our only chance is to play the grace card.
Sometimes I get lost just looking into your eyes.
Yes, Mr. Gupta should not have entitled his book "Cheating Death.'
I thought we talked about this. The jury doesn't like hoodies.
The hoodie is only illegal if you commit a crime.
Sorry. I couldn't find any character witnesses.
Once again, you're missing the nuance here: Being in a death penalty jurisdiction doesn't mean you had the right to apply it that night.
When you're up on the stand, try not to look like you're dead.
It's only some basic legal advice but I would not offer you are here to escort them to hell. Oh, and maybe lose the hoodie.
Is that blank stare is working for you?
I feel it's prudent to argue "wrongful death.
So you want our plea bargain to be that you'll accept a death sentence?
It's not looking good. Throw a kiss to Juror #6.
Well yes, the Second Circuit is certainly an advocate for karma, but it unfortunately does not tolerate the use of a scythe on a trader outside Delmonico's.
They have the right to face their accuser.
The judge has denied your claim of retroactive death benefits from the beginning of time.
Try not to point at this new judge.
I know the prints don't match.
Next time, just let me ask the judge if we can strike the juror.
We're definitely going to need additional counsel for the penalty phase.
Yes, there is a chance that it'll be a hung jury.
So the plea is, you go free and everyone lives, right?
Try to look innocent, and especially, vulnerable.
I'm sorry you had to check your scythe but, trust me, it's for the best.
I wasn't able to locate any of your alibis.
It was a senseless death - we'll just plead insanity.
No, it won't help to pay each of the jurors a visit.
The good news is they might sentence you to death.
This should be quick. I filed for a habeas corpus.
Forget it. There's no way you're getting life.
I urge you take the plea. They could give you life.
Are you kidding me? It was your evil twin. THAT'S your defense?
The judge would like to plea bargain with you.
How can I help you?
Calling you "He-who-must-not-be-named" might weaken your defense.
Conscience, can we talk later?
You promised I'd win...
And taxes. Two things, remember?
Yes, you do have to pay your death taxes.
You should plead Inevitability.
I told you, lose the hoodie.
You could be facing life.
"He Who Must Not Be Named" won't fly.
Relax, this is a witch hunt. It's not you they're after.
"It was his time," is not technically an affirmative defense.
Just remember, if the sentence is life, we can always appeal.
Not to worry. They don't call him the hanging judge for nothing.
I'll call you as an expert witness during the penalty phase.
The defendant doesn't appreciate your not so subtle prediction.
The DA nixed the chess match deal.
Grim, I want to be on the record for advising you that hoodies are not appropriate in the courtroom.
The penalty is severe. You could get life.
You said what?
A life sentence? You're being ironic, right?
I cannot file to declare you dead until you pay my retainer.
The hoody doesn't help.
"it's my job" is not a defense to a charge of murder.
You're starting to make me feel like my case doesn't have a chance
I don't think you're getting out of this unscythed
Court's split 4-4. You don't look surprised.
Litigious society, agreed. But there Is significant exposure here. Scrooge's Defamation of Character claim will be a challenge.
I thought we'd agreed you'd wear the blue suit.
What is it that you don't understand about habeas corpus?
I think we can plea bargain for the death penalty.
Remember, your name is G. Sheldon Reaper
When I told you to drop the black robe, I didn't mean you should wear polka dots instead.
Yes I think at least one juror is intimidated
Well, one' thing's for sure. We don't have to worry about the death penalty.
I think I can plea this down to 1,000,0000,0000,000 years.
As your defense attorney, I'd recommend establishing eye contact with the jurors.
As my attorney, you said you could make this all go away.
Do you have a blue suit?
Here's the charge against you: Humanity accuses you of refusing to R.I.P.
Of course I'm qualified, in my last case I was the Devil's advocate.
Remember, our relationship is strictly privileged and confidential. But after this is over I expect to never, ever see you again.
This time on the stand, try not to look so grim.
At least you don't have fingerprints.
Hey, good news, you got the death sentence !
Are you sure you want to deliver the alimony in person every month?
"Be more specific, how many trillions"?
I'm afraid you'll have to agree to pay child support. Your wife appears to have no fear of death.
I'm sorry, but the death penalty was abolished here in 1965.
So, we'll challenge any evidence that puts you in the hood that night.
''I specifically said 'suit,' not 'professionally.' ''
Don't volunteer anything about horses or Sleepy Hollow.
Jumping the gun a little, aren't you?
I'm not so confident the jury will buy our not guilty plea with the whole "death personified" look you've got going on today.
Even without a hung jury, we'll probably still win.
How would you feel about a plea bargain- Life sentence without parole?
We haven't discussed this yet, but I'm open to bartering when it comes to my fee.
I told you not to show up in your work clothes.
I'll do all the talking, all I want from you is dead silence.
If you're going to take me away why couldn't you have done it before court?
Well, yes. Scientology does enforce that Billion Year Contract.
You're spooking the jury.
Can you persuade the jury with your body language?
How about twenty to life?
Whatever you do, don't look at the jury.
He's offering you life.....I'd take it.
My suggesting to "Dress to Kill" was a metaphor.
Bad news. Their attorney is Daniel Webster.
I'm glad you brought your game face.
You've been a huge help through this case - I don't consider you a penalty at all.
The restraining order is for stalking.
They can't see past the hoodie.
The eye witness could be a problem.
Maybe if you pull the hood back you'll appear less demonic to the jury.
Your prospects of winning are grim....unless it's a hung jury
I know Angel Of Death is your real name, let's just go with Irving Lipschitz, like we discussed.
Just tell them that your favorite movie is 'Death Takes a Holiday'
Now surprised witness isn't necessarily a bad thing. Have you wronged anyone in the last couple years?
The Judge said you CAN sue all those guys who claimed they cheated you.
Let's go over it again, we're trying to AVOID the death penalty.
We don't have a ghost of a chance the evidence, is over whelming, but I will try my best.
Sorry, I just got this case. Do you have any character witnesses?
I'm not your homie, know wha' mean?
...and you handle the estate tax questions.
The DA is seeking life imprisonment without benefit of parole.
What do you mean the sickle is the under the desk?
They didn't see your face so I think we're OK
I wanted to let you know that I have really enjoyed this internship.
Don't worry. If the scythe doesn't fit, they must acquit.
You don't have to tell them where your sting is.
I think they're going for the death penalty.
OK, I get you 30 years and you give me 30 years and we'll call it even.
You're looking at infinite death sentences.
now remember-just say ooooooh or eeeeee
Life in prison or death penalty, does it really matter?
I don't think you're getting custody.
You can't hang the jury yourself.
There's no denying you were at the scene of the crime.
Look, I can buy you some time, but you're gonna have to pay those back taxes.
They got you on intent.
Don't worry, just plead guilty and you'll get a life sentence.
I think 'It's my job' won't work as a line of defense here.
No, you don't get off if the judge dies.
I don't think they will identify you...
I'm afraid the jury is deadlocked.
Yeah, I'm gonna need you to pull that elbow back a little.
You should be happy the charges were reduced to manslaughter.
It doesn't look good but at least there's no death penalty in this state.
I don't think the jury is buying the argument that you are a tax-exempt nonprofit.
We're going for a mistrial, you didn't rape, you reaped.
Who says you can't take the scythe into chambers?
Don't worry, the jury will love you. You're an angel!
You need not have dressed up for my wrap-up.
Unless you're thinking of penalizing yourself, they're bluffing.
It's looking grim... I can't get you off the hook
So ... worst-case scenario. What are we looking at here?
You should of shaved for court day.
Bad news. You're getting a life sentence.
First thing, lose the hoodie.
You're dead in this case.
Let's not bring your scythe up to the witness stand. It might send a mixed message to the jury.
No offense, but I can make a very strong anti-death penalty case for you.
Let's switch uniforms and see if it makes a difference.
Take the Fifth.
I don't think you can plea bargain for the death penalty
The best we can hope for is a sentence of life.
It's important to make eye contact with the jury.
No, I won't tell the judge her time is almost up.
With your history of priors, I have to advise you to take the plea.
You will take " life in prison"!
Thank god, any mention of Death penalty is off the table.
I really don't think the chair is such a bad result.
I thought I advised you not to wear your hoodie.
The judge said the death penalty is an option.
What do you mean you'll give them the death penalty?
Let me do the talking and don't make eye contact with the judge--he'll see right through you.
Telling the jury that they are welcome to the dark side is not a good idea!
Don't answer any questions about taxes. Death you can talk about.
Work with me here, your attitude is killing me.
The best I can get for you is life without parole.
Be sure to make eye contact with the jurors.
this would be easier to defend if she didn't have a scythe in her head
This time, don't touch anyone during the reënactment.
We're looking at manslaughter, assisted suicide. You good with that?
I know you're facing the death penalty, but in your case I think we can risk a jury trial.
Remember, he was already dead when you got there.
...they are seeking life in prison.
Just tell them the Devil made you do it
Maybe try smiling
The good news is all one hundred and two billion sentences are to run concurrently
You might be sentenced to life...
You want to plead the fifth? Why?
Any mitigating circumstances? We could go with Childhood abuse, maybe.
You probably could get a hung jury but not the way you're thinking of.
Plead mythology.
Why don't you handle culling the jury pool?
Considering you are being accused of killing everyone who ever existed, yes, I'm a little concerned.
I think you're beyond double jeopardy.
We're just going to plead the fifth.
I'll simply explain you were just doing your job.
I _believe_ it's an Eddie Bauer cloak, but -
Remember, the prior Remember the ten billion prior deaths can't be admitted in this case
What about the penalty, Death?
If the pumpkin does not fit, they must acquit!
They're asking for a continuance. What do you think?
My job is to get you outta here alive.
No expression is not a suitable substitute for a first impression
Don't worry about losing face, just plead guilty!
Is that "really" listed on your job description(
No chance in hell you'll win on wrongful death.
What did I say about wearing a hoodie in court?
I'm pretty sure that would be contempt of court.
You can run......but......you can't hide!
When I said you should hide your head in shame, I didn't expect you would take it literally.
According to my file, the prosecution rests tomorrow.
Mr. Reaper, there's just not much we can do to soften your image.
Ahhh the hoodie! I told you not to wear the hoodie.
Remember, their fate was determined before you came upon the scene.
You should have gotten a Concealed Scythe Permit.
Let's hope they can't find the Scythe.
I am done with robo-advisors
Can't you read? I texted you to look broody, gloomy and moody, but NOT to wear a hoodie!
Of course We'll appeal it if they give you "Life."
You look very grim.
I don't think you have an alibi for the murder.
They're offering thirty-to-life.
Your check bounced
You got anything in there that could pass for charm? The jury hates you.
No, I have not seen any Ingmar Bergman films.
Hi, I'm the devil's advocate.
Did my assistant discuss with you how to dress at trial?
If we lose it will be deja vu.
I asked you not to wear your hoodie to court.
My fee is contingent.
I don't know if the death penalty applies in your case.
You do understand that it is against the law to ride your horse through the center of town.
Reading the indictment, I was chagrined to learn your first name isn't 'Graham', Mr. Reaper.
The only way you will get the jury to like you is if you take out Shkreli.
I suggest you take the Fifth.
I've told you before. Perception is everything.
Do you have any dark secrets you'd like to share?
Try not to laugh when they ask for the death penalty.
Don't get discouraged. They're just not used to seeing a hoodie in court.
"Just appeal to this judge's soft spot." -Attorney states to reaper.
What do you mean, you're looking forward to the penalty phase?
Can we prove the reaping was an accident?
Yes, the jury of your peers means 12 people just like you.
Hoodies are not allowed in the courtroom
No, you do not get to 'help with the hangings' if it's a hung jury.
The trial ahead is looking Grim.
In my view Mr. Reaper, I don't think an entrapment defense will fly.
You're right--it's pointless to try to get the death penalty off the table.
I just got off the phone with the D.A. She said she'll put the death penalty back on the table, if that's what you really want.
Can we try jury selection my way?
"sure, but I don't think self defense is on the table".
To tell you the truth, you've got bupkis.
I'm sorry, but the judge thinks you're a risk to the community.
On the bright side, you'll feel right at home on death row.
Our prospects look grim Mr. Reaper...I don't think the jury is buying the 'Angel of Death/River Styx' defense.
Don't worry, this is clearly double jeopardy. You can't be both the defendant and the penalty.
Yes, let's go with Fred, the "Grim Reaper" isn't likely to illicit much sympathy with the jury.
They've violated the habeas corpses
I wouldn't mention you voted for Trump.
Let's just say, where you are going, its going to be very hot.
You're looking at life, max. Assisted suicide is illegal in this state.
Bad news, the prosecution is asking for a life sentence.
I'm trying to convince them to give you the death penalty.
You have no peers.
Visting a cancer ward is not a good alibi.
No actually, I didn't quite understand your last voicemail message. It didn't make much sense - something about a bell and tolls?!?
Perhaps advocating for the death penalty is a little premature.
The Big Guy upstairs sends thoughts and prayers....the guy downstairs sends me.
Bad news. You got life.
If they ask about Scalia, plead the Fifth.
How many times do we have to go over this? It's you AND taxes.
What do you mean you didn't see her?
"Death penalty"...get it?
You had me cut my hair, shave, and put on suit, I thought you dress up for my trial!
How do you feel about Life Without Parole?
Casper, they are going to ask you one more time and you have to answer. Can you or can you not walk through walls?
Wait, am I paying alimony for as long as she lives or as long as I live?
What do you mean you're afraid of the death penalty?
Next time don't walk around the suburbs in a hoodie.
I say, cop a plea and go for Eternity with chance of parole.
You know, the prosecution makes a pretty good point.
I have an interest in your counsel, but is your counsel in my interest?
We all have a job to do,
You've killed how many?
Remember what I told you: You're just God's coroner.
This is The People's Court. Dead Reckoning is upstairs.
Your chances? Slim to none.
I think we'll be able to avoid a life sentence.
Don't worry, they can't give you life.
I must advise you that it looks grim.
Expecto patr- pat- pa. . .[silence].
If the hoodie doesn't fit, acquit.
Let me live and this hour is half price.
Our defense is obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Now you show me the smoking gun? You're killin' me here.
I think our best move here may be to claim self-defense.
I'll move for a mistrial. If the judge says no, you kill everyone but me.
Hopefully you can get credit for time served.
They've agreed to take the death penalty off the table.
Please try to cut back on the ominous pointing today.
Try not to have such a blank face.
So... Who handles it if you get the death penalty?
You gave them the gun and cigarettes, what they did with them is not your fault." OR "It was supposed to be a near death experience.
Would you like a breath mint
I'm sorry, but I think there's a hole in your defense.
No, do not show them your scythe!
The airhead defense is better than the Fifth.
How do you want to plead?
I don't think we can get a continuance for all eternity......
This is my first death case.
At least it's not a life sentence.
I've researched your case thoroughly and find that I can no longer defend your actions.
Well, who else can we pin it on?
Your closing argument had a hollow ring to it.
What behavior could even be unbecoming of a Grim Reaper?
I can plead you down to eternity, with a few years off for good behavior.
Unfortunately, I'm having trouble getting in touch with your alibi.
Your fingerprints were on the chess board.
And remember, saying "the devil made me do it" probably won't sit well with the jury.
I'm thinking that taking the stand in your own defense may not be our best strategy.
Good news - the IRS lawyers agreed to a jury instruction on irony.
No, you cannot dig up any witnesses.
No, there is no pleading the Sith...
It's just that the hood has sort of a connotation.
Of course I believe you
You're going to have to face this.
Sorry, no hoodies in the courtroom.
Hard to find a sympathetic jury.
That could be anyone in a black hoodie.
Good news is the EMTs brought your victim back, so the charge is reduced from first degree murder to attempted murder. Bad news is with your prior record, you're looking at a pretty stiff sentence.
You had to wear the hoodie.
No, you cannot plead "taking a holiday."
I think you should drop the lawsuit. They're not going to repeal the helmut law
They're going for your penalty.
I don't think you have to worry, they have taken the death penalty off the table.
I could have lent you a tie.
It's the jury of your peers that worries me.
I think putting you on the witness stand could be a big mistake.
We'll petition for a change of venue to 13th century Florence.
I told you to wear a tie and jacket.
If you're just tapping people on the shoulder... I think we can get you off on a technicality.
And what happens if you do get the death penalty?
I can see the headline now: Death Gets Life
Look, I know the Death Penalty doesn't frighten you, but I've got a reputation to defend.
The best they can do is murder 2. You are looking at 5 to 10.
Stop telling the Judge to refer to it as "The Me Penalty"
Must I remind you? Facial expressions are important for the jury
The jury does not believe it was suicide.
What the judge is trying to say - you cant go round killing people willy nilly.
I should have known — everyone objects to Death.
Here ye reap what ye sow.
You were advised to wear a suit and tie
The prosecutor is going to push for the death penalty.
That's not what they mean by 'transparency'.
You'd be lucky to get life without parole...
As your lawyer, I'm advising you, don't take the stand. Didn't you see the OJ movie?
Trust me, they can't sentence you to you.
Who do they think they are giving ME the death penalty?
I cannot advise "I had to see a man about a dog" as your best defense.
I can get you life with a chance of parole after a century. Take it or leave it.
Remember, you only did it to get out of the 'hood.
Am I representing you? Or, are you representing me?
Thankfully this state doesn't have the death penalty
Let's make sure we get you a suit for the next court date.
Judge, I assure you he did not mean to kill that innocent girl. It's just the nature of him to do such things.
Well, at least you're not grim.
On second thought, I really don't think it's a great idea to call Taxes as a character witness.
I know, hooded creepy guys matter, I totally get it
On the upside, the death penalty's of the table. On the not so great side, you could get 25 years to eternity in Hell.
You are in a "juxtaposition" this state banned the death penalty
So, then, I won't be given liberty.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except taxes.
I'd actually recommend not making eye contact.
This really seems like Double Jeopardy.
Been a pro-bono prosecutor very long?
I'm sorry to say this case is taking a grave turn.
I told you, be not proud. Juries hate that.
So is this your first time as the plaintiff?
Might help with the jury if you had a nickname other than "Grim." How do you feel about "Scooter"?
We're not playing chess. This is a court room.
No, I don't think juror number five recognizes you.
I am afraid the brief I am submitting is a bit grim. I hope my brief is not too grim.
For the last time, It was His Time, is not a viable defense
You're looking at life, pal.
Don't stare, but don't avoid eye contact with the jury.
I though we agree you would smile
I thought we agreed that you were going to wear a suit today.
I'd prefer a life sentence.
I'm afraid they want to give you Life.
When I asked about your taxes you said you were certain.
Yes, they believe you. That's the problem.
I guess if all else fails we can try the no face defense.
Let's face it - you haven't got a leg to stand on.
Our only chance is if you can make eye contact with every juror.
Remember, state your name as Mr. Reaper, not Grim Reaper.
Try to be less grim.
Sorry, apparently pre-reapering is a crime.
We win this in the sentencing phase.
They've offered a deal. Plead guilty to four billion counts of murder and they'll drop the rest of the charges ...
So...you were homeless in Hollywood after college!?! What ever happend to your fiance? (Reaper) I think you KNOW what happened to her, don't you...that's why i'm here. So GO TO HELL @#$%&*!?!
Yes, 'Habeas Corpus' is Latin for "you shall have the body," but they don't mean it literally.
I don't think symphony is a good strategy here. Try looking less grim. Go get an iced tea. :::::::::::::::::::,,,
Three words: Failure. To. Appear.
I must warn you. Trying to collect on your own life insurance is very tricky.
I don't think the judge will accept 'just kidding' as a plea.
Death penalty? I don't think so.
They're asking for the death penalty, but I don't think they've thought the logistics through properly.
Listen--if you want to have a shot with the jury, you've gotta drop the hoodie.
Habeas corpus won't be a problem.
What sort of negotiations?
Let's just hope for a hung jury.
Yes, but, 'Death comes for all' is not a legal defense.
You would be too grim on the stand.
Am I here for you or are you here for me?
Now I know that nothing is as certain as tax evasion
You may have to face a jury
As your atourney, I'm advising you to plead innocent. It's not your fault that people don't get Existentialism!
They had it coming
If we can convince them you're Death, they'll probably give you Life.
Care for a breath mint?
If anyone can get you off the hook, it's Faust & Faust.
Is that your only suit?
We gotta get you on the stand and erase the jury's preconceived bias.
Faceless or not, cyber crime is still a crime. I'd suggest we plea out and save your neck.
Charlie, most people who plead not-guilty wear suits.
No...you cant plead "Guilty by reason of being Death"
If the judge gives you the death penalty, try not to laugh, OK?
And please stop telling me things are looking grim.
Nothing is certain in tax cases.
No, the jury of your peers thing doesn’t mean they have to dress like you.
We might have trouble finding sympathetic jurors.
There's no easy way to say this but you've got terrible breath.
Just don't point at anyone.
No, rigor mortis is NOT covered under habeas corpus.
She wants you to remove your hoodie.
Seriously? A hoodie?
I want to remind you that I am not being paid on the contingency that you are found innocent
...and try not to look so guilty.
We're looking at life without parole. They're looking at death without a scythe.
When they call you to the witness stand, you want to be a little bit more forthcoming.
A lawyer can do just so much. You need an image consultant and a stylist.
Yes, it's good, but 'Love and Death' is not my favorite Woody Allen movie.
No, Silly, this is not a death penalty case. It's about the scheduling of the TV show "lucifer."
I thought you'd buried the evidence
You being the Grim Reaper is not a defense in this case!
Scalia? He's the one in the middle, next to Roberts.
Your briefs read better than the Joy Of Love !
I'll argue that when the defendant claimed "Life's a bitch and then you die," she entered into a contract.
'The prosecution wants the death penalty...'
I suggest an Alford plea.
It is going to come down to whether the mask fits.
My guess is they'll vote for the one named after you.
We'll ask for separate trials on each count.
I'll get it reduced to life.
No - Death and Taxes, not Death or Taxes.
There is precedent - if the mask doesn't fit, they must acquit
A 'hung jury' isn't what you think it means
Let's discuss the meaning of "life".
You want life? Listen, I'm a good defense attorney, but not that good!
...so...HEY! Are you with me on this one?
No need to worry Prime Minster Camaron. This is just the hearing for the Panama Papers.
I think the death penalties a given.
Just to make sure I understand you, are you hoping the jury reached a Death Penalty verdict?
I think I can get the line up ID thrown out.
What do you mean, you always win?
Try to connect with the jury.
So you think we should ask for the death sentence?
I told you, the jury hates hoodies!
If the scythe does not fit, you must acquit!
Jag tror som gick mycket bra !
Unfortunately, it's looking like he can cheat you.
Not to worry, nobody will know you're in "Witness protection"
We're going with a Lawful Capacity of Office defense, you were just doing your job
Our mistaken identity defense provides the jury reasonable doubt.
The hood's ok, but you'll have to take the sunglasses off.
I say its worth the risk. If the Scythe is too short, they can't possibly convict you.
In spite of the preponderance of evidence, I think you are coming off really well.
Due to your inability to pay, you're better off pleading guilty to the theft of 100 billion souls.
"I was just doing my job" is not going to be a winning defense.
You of all people should know a continuance is out of the question.
You're not-guilty-self is going to be much more helpful here.
I'm not sure calling Pestilence, War and Famine as character witnesses was the best idea.
How would you feel about a sentence of life without parole?
You're doing great. You have the jury in the palm of your hand.
Remember: Don't look the jury in the eye.
No worries, we will pin it on your campaign manager
I'll subtly inform the jury that you know where each of them lives.
My recommendation is to take the three souls.
Maybe you should wear something else to court.
Breach of contract?! I was the one who was cheated!
It's probably unethical for me to say this, but I think we have a better shot if you take out jurors four and seven.
Now, don't do anything stupid.
It's the hoodie and your occupation. A clear case of profiling.
Well, they are asking for the death penalty, but the good news is that they don't quite know how that would work in your case.
It's a hung jury...literally.
Your scythe is being held as evidence.
Just this once take my advice and take down your profile picture and tone down your posts on Facebook.
Don't point!
They're asking for death without parole.
It looks pretty grim, but there might be a bright light at the end of the tunnel.
We'll base our appeal on the grounds that the jury is 100% visible.
Just out of curiosity, what's going to happen when you place your hand on the Bible?
I thought you said Christmas Past could give you an alibi
You went to Vassar with Bob? His brother, Jim used to live in my building. Small world.
Spin it how you like, no one believes you're the life and soul of any party
Reaper, you can have your scythe back after court.
I think we should go with the insanity plea.
We just keep hammering home that it would be cruel and unusual to sentence you to life.
We have to make you appear likable.
The souls were nonexempt
Look, we're in lower Manhattan-it'll be a jury of your peers.
It doesn't look good. Instead of the death penalty, they're offering life in prison.
We were able to negotiate additional charges for you, so you will now get death. Congratulations!
I advise you to plead guilty but with an explanation.
Any way you can lose the hoodie?
Seriously, don't worry about this. Trump sues everybody.
It was his time" may not be the best defense.
You got "life." Tragic, yes, but amusingly ironic.
It's do or die, not open and shut.
Don't worry, I'm going to challenge the facial recognition technology they used.
Trust me; loose the hoodie.
Don't be so grim. We're winning.
Let me get this right....you WANT the death penalty?
Try not to have a blank stare when you look at the judge.
Don't worry. If they don't dismiss the class-action after these hearings, we're simply going to ask for some class members to appear in person.
My client pleads the privilege against self-recrimination.
After I ask Ms. Dickinson why she didn't stop, you can tell the jury you kindly did.
I assume you're not concerned about the death penalty...
Counsel for the defense, you may step down.
Remember, let me do all of the talking
When were you planning to tell me about your private e-mail server?
unfortunately, our efforts to suppress your Yelp rating has been overruled
Yes, I do see the irony of having to appear in tax court.
You sure you want to plead the sith?
Yeah, but they'll kill you on cross.
You should have worn a tie.
No, you can't have your scythe in the courtroom.
Permission to treat the witness as hostile?
If you want to sue to model for "The Scream," you'll have to lose the hood
I've changed my mind about a pro Bono defense.
No, we could not find one juror who had not experienced your work in their own lives.
Just say that you weren't there.
In re: Life v. Death
You can't convict what you can't see . Worth a try.
We think that your visitation rights should be limited.
My scythe couldn't get through security.
I probably should have worn a tie.
Tax evasion? Really?
Try not to sneeze. It only annoys the jurors.
Remember, your scythe is cutting wheat.
I don't think you have a ghost of a chance.
Just wait for the appeals process. It's a killer.
Good news - They've agreed not to seek the death penalty
Obviously,the death penalty is off the table.
Don't kill me, but I can't seem to find your birth certificate.
Unfortunately, the “inevitability of death” is not a valid legal defense to murder.
Do you have any character witnesses?
Don't take the deal. I mean, what's the worst that could happen "The Death Penality?"
Remember, all we have to prove is reasonable doubt
The jury will never accept a plea of 'You could be next.'
Just keep that sweet, innocent look.
This is going to be about reasonable doubt -NEVER take off the hood.
I want to win one of these before I die.
I have never seen such a blatant case of profiling.
I hear that you're the master of jury tampering.
"Profiling" will not be an adequate defense in this case.
Don't mention your day job.
This will most likely be my last death penalty case.
It's hard to say if the death penalty applies in your case.
The sythe's a prop, okay? I wasn't brandishing a weapon.
Are you sure you wouldn't rather just pay those parking tickets?
I said dress appropriately... You have killer written all over you!
Because I think if we bring up your zombie days you'l have a better chance.
I think the jury would buy that you lost your head.
The court's landmark decision in United States v. Death led to the break-up of the world's largest monopoly.
For jury selection, we're going to want to find people who are more afraid of public speaking than they are of you.
you have a death wish!!!
We just need to leave room for reasonable doubt. If the cloak doesn't fit, you must acquit!
hello
Trust me. 'Wardrobe malfunction' is not the best way to go.
You could be looking at life.
I'm so sorry, I know what a life sentence means to you.
You asked for me?
Honestly, your outfit is a little much. I suppose I should just be glad you didn't wear your #NoLivesMatter t-shirt to court.
How about we file for a writ of habeas corpus?
You want how many other offences taken into consideration?
If you settle this one everybody's going to sue you.
It doesn't look good. They found your scythe.
We're changing your name.
So your saying they got the wrong guy? Your Jim Reaper?
I strongly suggest you face this head on.
But the scythe does fit.
Don't mention.the kissing
Looks like the death penalty is back on the table.
The presiding judge is pro-life.
My advice? Plead the fifth.
I'm not sure that this is the time and place to be rockin' a hoodie.
There is a hollow ring to what you say.
What do you mean you don't think your ready
Getting life is not something to be happy about.
We're going to call it a 'butter knife.'
We're going to plead insanity.
It's OK, smiling at the jury is overrated, anyway.
We need to concentrate on your case. You can't keep living in the past.
This is the one case where I advise leaving the hoodie on
Alright, so I'm doing this pro bono, but don't forget our deal. When I die, I get to go out banging some hot chick, like the president did in "Dave."
What the hell. Plead guilty.
If we lose this case, where does that leave me?
Well, the IRS is certain you did not pay these taxes.
They will be seeking the death penalty
If all else fails, challenge the Judge to a game of chess.
You need to get that blank look off your face.
Relax. You look nothing like the police sketch.
hey bro
Our defense is, yes he steal souls; but... come on guys, he's the Grim Reaper.
Don't worry, I'm excellent at playing the devil's advocate
I definitely think that removing your hood will improve our case.
I admire that you're now pro-life. This doesn't, however, preclude you from doing your job. Your discrimination suit just won't stick.
You realize that the death penalty isn't available in civil cases, don't you?
The judge has just told me that when sentencing you he needs to take into account the other one hundred billion cases of murder
I'm hoping we can exclude your prior record.
Thanks for leaving the scythe in the car.
No, you MAY NOT hold the scythe when you get on the witness stand.
Even if they drop the charges you could still face a wrongful death suit in civil court.
You want my advice? Smile a little, look alive, try and show some remorse--otherwise you're lookin' at Death!
Don't worry, the worst you can get is death.
You're scaring the hell out of the jury.
Just say you were out of your head.
You just killed your chance for an acquittal.
It's best if you remain silent about your occupation.
So, have you heard that new Drake song yet?
Repeat after me, religious freedom.
Without a corpus in your habeas, we better plead guilty.
Sorry, it looks like they're not going to exclude your priors.
I expect some difficulty seating an unbiased jury.
If we win don't hug me.
How can you tell me to face the truth, sir?
I don't understand. YOU are the statute of limitations.
I'm saving you talents for the penalty phase.
We've got em.....with double jeopardy.
This outfit is not helping our case!
Perhaps you don't understand. In your case the death penalty is considered a punishment.
Eventhough the jury see themselves in you, my advice remains for you not to testify.
It's admissible as a dying declaration
a few further questions, your honor
Well, since there's only one of you, a jury of your peers turned out to be 12 tax lawyers.
Nah, don't change! In your case, a hoodie is appropriate attire.
Under the best case scenario, you’ll get the death penalty.
Is my Facebook profile picture going to be a problem?
I'm sorry. The dead man's rule just doesn't apply here.
But you never actually killed anybody, right?
I'm sorry Mr. Reaper, "You were just doing your job" is not a defense we can win with.
So, you actually want me to ask for the death penalty...
Ironically, the death penalty is still in the table
Fortunately, the state just repealed the eternal life penalty.
Look, it's an all-white jury. Ditch the hoodie!
You're going to have to stop saying, "No lives matter".
Didn't I tell you to wear a coat and tie.
They've got an eye witness.
Now remember: When you're called to the stand, refrain from your 'Grim Reaper' routine.
We like to refer to it as "paying backward".
Didn't I tell you to wear your blue suit and tie to court today?
Listen, everyone's a little thrown off here. The prosecution is unsure whether to try you as a serial killer, the judge can't figure out whether the death penalty even applies and my 80 year old mother who like to watch me work is plain scared.
If we play our cards right, Mr. Reaper, you'll get off scot-free with a death sentence.
Hey Death, I'm Taxes.
You might get life.
Nothing extrajudicial this time, ok?
Lose the hoody and smile a little.
Remember, witness protection can be withdrawn at the judge's discretion...
We'll plead not guilty by reason of mortality.
Now remember, he was dead when you got there.
Unfortunately, it's within the judge’s power to hang the hangman.
Your email is Death@gmail.com?
They'll drop the charges if you help with these 7,000 cold cases.
Don't worry, we're up right after Martin Shkreli.
We're losing pretty badly so far. Can you...you know...'visit' a couple of the jurors?
At least try looking remorseful.
Okay, so remember to smile at the jury
Yes Grim, you have a Constitutional Right to testify, however I still urge you not to do so.
You'd think the right to remain silent wouldn't have been so hard for you.
Don't worry, we're going to appeal the life sentence. I'm gonna get you to death row.
Please speak up. I can't read your lips
THE JUDGE WILL GIVE YOU PROBATION IF HE CAN HAVE YOUR HOODIE.
Honestly, I don't think a reduced sentence for good behavior is in the cards.
They've offered to take the death penalty off the table.
I'm asking the judge for the death penalty in lieu of prison time.
Yes, it's slimming, but it's not helping your defense.
I haven't seen you since the tobacco trial, how the kids?
your attire was spot on for the Jury verdict
It's the IRS, so you really should consider their settlement offer.
You can always take the 5th.
I'm going for taking the death penalty off the table. We've got a good chance with 'time served'.
He said rise, not scythe.
No, the irony does not escape me.
Umm, that whole "I am not the one who pleads" thing probably didn't help your case.
The judge believes he can try you in absentia.
Don't worry. If you get the death penalty, we'll get it reversed on appeal.
That's a hollow argument.
What do you mean, not guilty!? I thought I was being sentenced to life!
Just answer the questions clearly and directly, and remember, no pointing.
Mortal coil? Not me, lawyer client privilege!
It's a death penalty case. There is no statute of limitations.
Not all is good in the hood.
A little smile for the jury please Reappie.
I don't think the jury will buy the self defense argument
Okay, so it’s your sincerely held religious belief that your wife should not get the ’65 Mustang convertible, the time-share in Vegas and your 401K. Anything else?
Are you still hanging around? There's no death penalty in New York.
I think we'll go with the 'I was just doing my job' defense.
Chill out. He wrote a book and three short stories.
So I went to Donald Trump's rally but I'm not the KKK. I'm with the shleppers at Seville's Holy Week parade
There is no higher court.
Dead or not, Issa will still go after you.
I thought we agreed on the frilly pink blouse.
Remember you asked if there were lawyers in the afterlife and got mad when I said I couldn’t tell you? Well good news…next Wednesday you will find out…
I prefer my clients to show more optimism!
Would you prefer I go for the death penalty?
They're going to push for the you sentence.
You reap what you reap.
You look like death.
The jury doesn't care how you're dressed. Demeanor wins cases.
For God's sake, what did you expect? The penalty is actually named after you!
Thanks for your vote of confidence.
Your membership in Grimm Reapers Matters is not helping
Just hang in there. A slap on the wrist, collect your scythe from the evidence drawer, and you'll be on your way
Maybe you should wear a tie.
Well, one thing's for certain, there's no possibility of a death penalty verdict
I told you orange clashes with my skin tone!
I assumed you didn't have fingerprints.
I told you to put on a suit and tie and get a haircut. What's up with this?
It would help your case if you were on Facebook.
Stop looking at me like that!
Good News... another hung jury...
I know you love Halloween, Phil, but really?
Did I not specifically ask you to wear a nice blue suit?
No, murder for hire starts next week. This one is conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Take the plea.
Try not to giggle if they give you the death penalty.
Look, stop grinning at the jury. It's not working.
Lawyer: did you kill this man Death: No Donald Trumps views on America did
We actually GO for the death penalty--then double jeopardy on appeal. Agreed?
I had nothing to wear and nowhere to hide.
I'll get the IRS off your back if you get off mine
Do we appeal the death sentence?
Frankly speaking, GR, we don't stand a ghost of a chance.
With any luck, we'll get you life.
These wrongful death cases can be tricky
Striking jurors is my job, not yours
No, I don't think carrying out the death penalty will be part of your community service.
Next the prosecution is going to ask about discovery.
Any chance juror #6 won't still be with us by the end of the trial?
I know that is the name you prefer and have always gone by but I feel it prejudices the jury.
When you identify the perpetrator, don't point.
Next year you should just pay your taxes
I am here for the writ of habeas corpus.
Face it! The case against you is grim.
You can't threaten the judge with his soul, George.
There is no option to plead "repent! The end is nigh!"
He's suing you for unlawful termination.
Tell the jury you'll save them a place in Heaven.
Now? Seriously? ... Boo who?
I understand that you are just as certain as taxes. But you still have to pay them.
We're gonna go with the 'sugar-eviscerates-your-soul' defense.
Your chances of acquittal are grim.
Fortunately, the scythe is inadmissible as evidence
I'll ask for an adjournment to save face
But she is allowing the hoodie due to your special circumstances.
I wouldn't take the plea. It's life without parole.
We will maintain that this is a case of mistaken identity.
Think of the irony if they give you life.
No, getting the death penalty is not a good thing.
In my 20 years of litigation you're my first client who WANTS the death penalty.
Really, what you do is indefensible, but I'll try.
Taxes? Are you certain?
No, the judge did not approve your bail.
Good news. Charges are being dropped for all crimes that took place before the 15th century.
I'm sure you'll have the last word on this.
I don't think jay-walking demands the death sentence.
Best case scenario, we get a hung jury
I just got word that Brad Pitt wants to play you in the movie.
Listen, we all know the Oppenheimer quote. Next time just say, "Not guilty, your honor."
...a little unusual..the judge just asked for a little more time...
I should be able to get you off with a death sentence.
Are you sure this is a capital offence?
Just tell them you blacked out.
Try not to touch anyone else on the way to the stand.
You're telling me it doesn't look good?
It was suicide! I had nothing to do with it!
So, you're claiming the guy was dead when you got there?
He hit me first
No, I don't think we should go for the death penalty. Why do you ask?
"You should maintain eye contact with the jurors so they believe your innocence".
Remember, you're to say that you were on holiday.
o.k. - just try to look innocent like we practiced.
Sorry, Bill Belichick took the look.
We will appeal the sentence unless they come back with the death penalty
When I get close to you, I can hear the ocean.
I'll be honest with you, things are looking pretty grim.
You should have worn a suit. The jury is unfairly prejudiced against dark defendents wearing hoodies.
It looks good. So far it's Scrooge's word against yours.
That's not what they mean by "Death Tax".
Just don't look the jury in the eye.
Wait. You want me to ask FOR the death sentence?
Now it's up to the Commission whether we get out patent for making flesh invisible.
Of course they took it away from you. What do you expect? You just harvested half the jury.
Your case isn't as grim as it looks.
When I said professional attire, I meant suit and tie.
Look cheerful.
Let's skip the race card and play the death card instead.
This IS what I wear to work.
Well, we can't very well go for life without parole.
For God's sake - plead guilty! What do you have to lose?
You think you have everyone fooled but I can see right through you!
I'm sorry, but there's been a grave misunderstanding - a unanimous vote for death means you did NOT win.
I've been meaning to ask you if you're hoody is by YEEZY?
I'm glad you ditched the scythe, but would it have hurt you to put on a tie?
They're debating the life penalty
I don't know why they call it a penalty, I'm actually really fun!
Because he was just so annoying? That's our defense?
It's too bad capital punishment isn't legal here cause, y'know, you'll end up just going back to where you came from... Because you're death.
Mr. Reaper, I'm afraid that "It was his time to go" is not a legal defense.
We have a chance..they can't find your scythe.
There seems to be a little problem with finding a jury of your peers.
I just don't think an assisted suicide defense is going to work in your case.
And no, you won't be testifying in your own defense.
Can you get the death sentence off the table?
Sorry! Scythes aren't allowed in the courtroom.
And remember, nobody likes a negative Nelly.
I am pretty sure the prosector's facial recognition software is not that good.
This is traffic court. The death penalty case is down the hall.
Bad News - they just took the death penalty off the table.
For the last time, 'I don't know how to do anything else,' is NOT a defense.
You;ve gotta stop pointing at the jurors and shouting 'You're next!"
May the police force be with you
It is very nice to meet you too.
Is there something about losing a chess game that you didn't tell me about?
In this case, the death penalty is basically just house arrest.
A guilty plea will get you life.
Trust me, nolo contendere in civil court.
Your best defense is that you are a myth.
It might work to your benefit if we say you own a startup company.
No, what I asked was, Did you, Reaper?; not Did you rape her?
Try not to look so grim; we will file an appeal.
If we plea bargain now I can get you life.
With a little luck, we can cop a plea and get you life.
Mr. Reaper, I'd sat our chances are GRIM!
No, you can't ask the prosecutor what his health plan covers
He'll commute your sentence if you give him ten years.
You mean you are not Mark Zuckerberg?
As the attorney defending you against a mass murder charge, I have to ask you, "Who picked your outfit?"
..the judge wants to know if you "jumped the gun" a bit...
I can't believe the outcome of this case is a life or death matter for you.
We don't want the jury to see your face so keep the hoodie on
I get it, 'Death and Taxes'!
You're going to loose the jury with the hood and Grim Reaper crap.
I don't think I can get you off. But we can avoid the death penalty.
can you et the death penalty off the table?
I think I can get you eternity without parole.
I don't think taking the Fifth would help. Your track record is pretty well documented.
No, it is not a sentence that is written by you.
Don't worry, I've defended much worse
Noo, I'm Emile Dickinson.
When they ask you to state your name, plead the Fifth.
Ok good news: she gets the house, but you get the Anne Geddes Calendar collection
Forgive the irony, but you should have filed years ago.
Your case is looking grim, Mr. Reaper
Wait, I'M just an empty suit?
I'll need you to put on a good face in front of the jury.
No, Grim, I told you - you're just a humble farmer. The sickle had beat juice on it.
All things considered, LIFE without parole is pretty generous.
Yes. Getting the Death Penalty would be ironic.
This isn't exactly what I had in mind when I asked you to dress modestly for court today.
Try not to look so grim when the judge walks in.
Worst case? Life.
Could have been worse. You could have gotten back-to-back life sentences.
Have you thought about pleading guilty?
You're sure you're not guilty?
Okay, if it comes down as a Life Sentence, I'll file a quick appeal and see if I can get you Death.
Are you my shadow counsel?
Its 'Death and Taxes', not 'Death or Taxes'.
How do we plead if everything you say is a lie?
They're seeking the life penalty
Don't worry. They will never recognize you in that disguise.
As co-counsel, I insist we seek the death penalty.
I don't think they'll buy into the defendant having a Death wish.
I’ll take the part on tax evasion.
I think a plea deal is the best bet for you to avoid the life penalty.
The death sentence is off the table.
Our best case scenario is that you get the death penalty.
Couldn't you have worn something else?
At least there's no death penalty!
We've got nothing to worry about - I convinced the prosecution that we'll only accept the death penalty if you're found guilty.
OK, OK, we'll try for 'manslaughter'
We need a better angle than you thought you were exempt from paying taxes.
That's not how jury nullification works.
The death penalty is off the table since you are not an MD, and thus not qualified to perform assisted suicide.
... And as your attorney, I still have to advise you against "pleading the scythe."
Please don't tell the sentencing judge that you're a long term advocate of the death penalty.
You'll still get visitation rights.
You really are the client from hell
They want you to take off your hoodie
By the way, I really wouldn't mind if you chose to go "pro se."
At least capital punishment is out of the question.
It's not your fault, she was a heavy sleeper.
Sorry; this state does not have the death penalty.
Well, at least you don't have any priors... right?
Ironically, they are seeking the death penalty Mr. Reaper.
We’ll sow doubt that you profile the elderly.
They're rejecting our plea for natural life.
You're certain you wanted a Tax attorney?
In your case, I'm pretty sure it had nothing to do with the hoodie.
Now, whenever I object, I want you to give an innocent look to the jury.
Sorry, it looks like you're getting the death penalty again.
So , after the Archbishop who did you see?
Again - You're asking me to ghost-write for you?
I'm sorry, but "somebody has to do it" is not a viable defense.
I've told them who you are but we live in an extremely litigious society these days.
"I think our best bet is to ask for life without parole".
Of course, if we win this one, we may find it to be a hollow victory.
All I'm saying is that the eyewitness identification would be much less persuasive if you had worn a suit and tie like I asked.
I advise avoiding eye contact with the jury.
Good news, I got a plea bargain to throw out the death penalty.
Saying that God told you to do it won't get us anywhere.
Seeing as how this is a wrongful death case, I thought that perhaps I should give the closing argument this time..
Population control is not a defense.
you'd have to admit, these cases are becoming more grim
In a word, grim.
I guess it's time to break it to you - I don't think the jury believes you are Darth Vader.
I'm worried that the prosecution will be asking for the death penalty.
I'm not going to lie, it's starting to look a little grim.
First time offenders get the born-again treatment.
I thought we agreed no hoodie.
I'm going to do everything I can to at least get you out of having to pay taxes.
You're lucky our firm does pro bono work.
Somehow I don't think this jury is going to go for the death penalty.
Maybe dress more liberally for the sentencing hearing.
I don't think the jury is buying your not guilty plea.
We'll convince the jury that "wrongful" is hate speech.
The line up was clearly biased. The witness couldn't even see your face.
You certainly don't seem too concerned about the death sentence
There's no witness protection program if you turn state's evidence against God.
It's a class action - Everybody in the World against You. No worries.
No, you can't try on the scythe. It's not a glove.
The judge strikes the jurors, not you.
I think I can get them down to afterlife without parole.
Tell them I have a right to privacy
It doesn't look good. If you plead guilty, they might be merciful and only sentence you with life in prison instead of giving you the you penalty.
Unfortunately, the judge does not believe the rule against perpetuities applies.
You're being charged with a faceless crime.
Dress different tomorrow.
The good news is that they decided to take the death penalty off the table.
The prosecutor's trying to persuade the judge that the death penalty's not enough.
They're sentencing you to ten years in paradise.
We're going with the "it was their time" defense.
No, pessimism will not win your freedom!
Mort, where are the jurors? You didn't...
I guarantee, nobody saw my face.
So this is what your firm meant when they told me that my case looked grim.
Contrary to your objections, I still intend to argue for life.
Ask for an appeal? Isn't that just a touch hypocritical?" "I don't think 'Just doing my job' will hold up in court.
I'll insist they strike every reference to "grim" as prejudicial.
We'll just lie; who cares if you get the death penalty?
It's OK. It's OK. Not a setback. I felt like we had to try Jurisdiction. Now we'll go for habeas corpus, that's where we'll get you off.
I swear, I'm off weekends.
I don't think the preexisting condition defense is gonna fly.
All we have to do is raise reasonable doubt.
I'm afraid you got life.
I'm sorry but this state no longer has the death penalty.
Try to put on a happy face.
Stop laughing whenever they mention the death penalty.
I can get you a new identity.
Well, when you think about, the death penalty is not all that bad for you really.
The right to face your accusers requires a little something on your part.
Frankly, I don't think we have a ghost of a chance.
What do you mean you feel like a dead man sitting?
Here's the offer - you plead to one count of murder, and no contest to the other 6,999,999,999 counts.
I'm death. That's what you want nme to go with?
Jury selection is not going well.
When I said dress for court, I just assumed you understood that meant lose the hoodie.
Your odds of winning the case are looking grim.
I don't suppose we'll be able to find any character witnesses.
Your hoodie makes you look guilty.
'We don't normally have a reputation for ambulance chasing.'
But you're not qualified to BE President.
Case deceased.
I'm afraid he did take it with him.
The death penalty is not an option in Traffic Court.
You just can't face this, can you?
H.R.3355
You know, the blue cloak makes you seem honest.
The whistleblower defense might have worked...but that was before you went and killed Scalia.
OJ Simpson?
No, you may not "take out" Juror #7.
That's right -- the defense RESTS.
I think we can dodge the death penalty on the grounds of "cruel and unusual".
I thought this was business casual. I wore my hoodie.
They ruled a mistrial on the death penalty case a little late.
...don't even think about it
We're going to go with an identity theft defense.
Go easy on the deal you made with Trump.
Lets keep it to ourselves that all your potential character witnesses pre-deceased you.
You're black and wearing a hoodie -- you haven't got a chance of acquittal
Remember to smile and look the jury right in the eye.
It looks grim, no doubt about it.
What verdict did you expect?
Please don't take him until he pays my bill.
At least you won't have to worry about the death sentence.
Tell me again what happened to your first two attorneys?
Life sounds pretty good, don't you think?
The Force is not with you on this.
The prosecution rests in peace.
I can get you a deal if you can live with it.
Just think of it as a holiday.
I'll try to get you death. But they may stick you with life. (italicize or underline try)
Technically, any sentence is a Death penalty.
I'll do the talking.
So you've received the death penalty before?
I'm with the NRA. We're taking your case pro bono.
Let's make sure I understand. You want the death penalty.
No! Just saying"It was their time" won't work.
I think we're gonna shoot for the death penalty.
Loose the hoodie. It makes you look too Silicon Valley.
Is this really what it takes to get a hearing from the Republicans?
I know y ou've handled more death penalty caes than anyone.
Don't appeal the lethal injection. You'll still be home for dinner.
How many victims ?
Don't worry...we can always get you a movie deal.
As long as you didn't leave any fingerprints, you'd be fine.
Lucky for you, it's a hung jury.
Listen Grim, I'm the king of Trademark law and I say you invented the hoodie.
I suggest a plea of not guilty by reason of inevitability.
Don't worry. Taxes has agreed to testify.
Look on the bright side. There are no eyewitnesses.
I advise you to settle: mistaking "inevitable" for "evitable" in the case of taxes just won't fly.
I think the Workers Comp judge isn't convinced your injury is preventing you from performing your job- his cousin just died.
"Without a face they don't have a case".
I understand but you guys can't double park seven horses in this city!
rumor is the jury's hung
We might have a problem getting the death penalty off the table.
The D.A. is offering leniency if you testify against your Boss.
This is our last appeal, so please stop referring to your sentence the 'me penalty.'
I don't think taking the fifth is going to do it.
You'd rather get the death penalty and not a life sentence?
One thing is certain: you're going to have to pay your taxes, Death.
Who's calling who an empty suit?
It's ok, we're claiming it's required by your religious beliefs
Are you crazy, of course we want the death sentence!
"W'll plead justifiable homicide.":
You can't plea bargain a death sentence for a parking ticket.
How does life without parole sound to YOU?
Your priors make things a bit tricky, but this is a clear case of tortious interference with trade.
"I'm the only judge around here," said Death to his lawyer.
Better bring the pitchfork tomorrow.
Trust me, you want to keep the hoodie on.
I think we can avoid the 'you' penalty.
The best we can hope for is the death penalty.
You're the injured party. It wouldn't hurt to show some emotion.
I guess this means that the death penalty is off the table.
As your tax attorney, I have to tell you, the outcome looks pretty certain.
It's tough, defending a serial killer.
When the plaintiff takes the stand, try to avoid eye contact.
If you're found guilty, they'll give you *you*.
We probably should have plead out.
If they give you a life sentence, try not to laugh.
Self-defense may be a problem.
Pretend like you're holding an invisible baseball and the gloves won't fit.
Are you the habaes or the corpus?
Don't you have a nice blue suit?
Let's challenge Juror number four. Her grandma died recently.
Look, I'm the editor of this magazine, and I get to say which stories get killed. Case dismissed.
Stop interrupting me with your brainwaves.
So, do we feel good or bad about the death penalty?
I wouldn't use that expression with this judge.
I want you to be aware that this might go class action.
When you take the stand, tell them how the whole thing left you mortified.
I feel good about the jury. We were able to strike all the Blue Oyster Cult fans.
Will you defend me to the death?
The 'Death Warmed Over' routine isn't working.
What do you mean you don't care that this is a death penalty case?
A hung jury, Mr. Reaper, is not what is not what you think it is.
I myself have reasonable doubt about your latest alibi.
As your lawyer, I'm advising you not to say anything about your support for the death penalty.
This is NOT the time to take the fifth
Remember, if it doesn't fit, they must acquit.
Sorry, forgeting to recycle isn't a capital offense yet.
Didn't I specifically tell you to wear dress attire and definitely no hoodies.
This should be easy. We'll plead guilty and ask for leniency, the death penalty.
Look death I know you came here to defend your killing off of the middle class, but we already have the Koch Brothers doing that.
Of course we could file a cease and desist order. or They served us with a cease and desist order.
I don't think we convinced then it was justifiable homicide.
So, you are saying that a Hung Jury is my only chance? - I think I can take care of that.
Death and Tax Evasion.
I understand your excitement, but this is not Texas.
I think your number of priors are working against you, guy.
You've got a little something between your teeth.
The hoodie makes you look guilty.
Remember, when you take the stand don't act proud.
I'll try to get you the death penalty.
So what it's a death penalty case. What do you care?
Will you stop asking for the death penalty!
I say we go for one count of hospice.
Don't worry, there's no prima facie evidence.
Just say you are self employed.
Why yes, I do see you getting life without parole as being rather ironic
Yes. Definitely no witnesses.
You have got to tell me now. Do you ever carry a scythe?
Because without the plea bargain you'll get life.
Don't worry, I'm a tax attorney.
No. I would not recommend that you testify.
I think I can get it down to manslaughter.
Just plead 'Guilty'. It's only the death penalty...
There latest deal is eternal misery in the burning fires of hell, plus life.
I'll try and argue for concurrent sentences.
Cheer up, your chances are pretty grim.
These juror absences are starting to seem suspicious.
Get serious; you're up against the IRS. Take the deal.
No, you can't reap a hung jury.
I'ts Your Honor not you're next !
Yes, I realize that hoodies are really in style now so it could have been someone else.
Reap what you sow
I told you that black hoodies don't play well with juries.
It's wrongful, Death.
At least you didn't bring the scythe to court-- that could help you.
It's going to be hard to get a fair jury in Miami
No fingerprints! No problem!
You gotta trust what I said about the hoodie.
That's not what I meant when I said, "wear something that makes you look serious".
You know I'm having a hard time reading you, is it guilty or not guilty of murder.
When you're on the stand remember, it was Jimmy's scythe
I'm dying to hear the verdict.
You're my legal aid attorney?
I think we have to drop the self-defense plea.
Remember, it's "Your Honor" not "You're next"
Hung Jury is just an expression.
Don't worry, it only feels like eternity.
I have to say things look pretty grim.
I'm not sure that telling the judge to "go to hell" is exactly our best defense.
Concurrent or consecutive sentences: does it matter?
A hung jury, Mr. Reaper, is not what you think it is.
You're on trial for plagiarism—and stop stealing your case files.
They all seem anxious to cut a deal.
Try to look friendly.
I think we have a good shot at avoiding a life sentence.
Following orders of Sauron is not a good defense.
We're going to be a caption for another lawyer joke.
We'll argue the death penalty is a conflict of interest.
A suit and tie wouldn't kill you.
This could be the last death penalty of the court.
At least the death sentence is off the table.
Offshore. Underworld. Either way, you're fine.
I stronly suggest losing the hoodie, Mr. Reaper.
Just how many of these cases are there?
If you want a jury of your peers, I'll file a motion to have the trial moved to Death Valley.
Just how long have you been waiting for a Public Defender to get to your case?
How are my chances?
"Okay, now remember - our strategy is the inevitability of taxes." 'taxes' is in italics.
Look, your fingerprints are all over these murders, so the best we can hope for is life.
For the last time, your plea is guilty! Being ripped off by your wireless provider is no excuse for murder.
As your lawyer, I can't help you if you insist on wearing a hoodie
The death penalty is still on the table. Our only hope is a hung jury. Can you help with that?
This is going to be awkward when they tell you to face the jury during sentencing.
Santa Claus I could get off. You, not so much.
Well, it's the hollow cave face that seems to bother him most. Else, it's the bailiff in about 20 seconds.
Inevitability and taxes are not the best legal strategy.
The "alleged" destroyer of worlds, OK?
You're going to have to face facts!
I'm glad you came, I didn't have a shot in this case.
Bergman still won't settle - insists you're 'public domain'.
I plead non compos mentis.
I already sold my soul.
Not to worry- if the motion fails, we can file a writ of Habeas Corpus
No, I'm afraid we can't plead inevitability.
Mr. Death, as your counsel I STRONGLY urge you to plead the fifth.
Hood or handles, your choice.
No, Mr. Reaper, 'till death us do part' is not considered plea bargaining.
I'm not sure 'temporary invisibility' is a valid plea.
Not a problem. Your scythe tested clean.
Are you sure nobody saw your face?
Good news! Their eye witness testimony might be a problem.
They've dropped the murder charges, but the tax evasion charges stuck.
It was consensual, right?
My fee is negotiable.
Worst case scenario, you get a life sentence.
We may have found a loop hole with this whole "till death do us part" verbiage.
There is no need to use your alias, I think the jurors will recognize you.
And no more leading the witness.
Mr. Reaper, the judge is going to send you away for a long time unless you send him away for a long time...if you get my drift.
Do you think they'll sentence me to life?
It would really help if you could think of at least one favorable character witness.
Should have filed. IRS is going to make an example of you.
I'll need a review of all 50 thousand pages.
On the other hand, 'taking the fifth' is what got you here in the first place.
Try to show some emotion.
You know that wearing a hoodie leads to an automatic conviction.
Not sure I like our chances, you literally hung the jury.
We can call most of these self-defense and the rest entrapment.
I don't think anyone gives a damn about identifying my lawyer.
Smart to ditch the scythe before court, but you'll still do time with that hoodie.
I don't think you will get the death sentence.
I see where you're coming from and I don't like it.
I suggest we petition for a writ of habeas corpus.
You're giving me a devil of a time.
No... I'm afraid it's life... without parole!
When the DA asks you your occupation, say you work for a collection agency.
In my opinion...... your chances are grim.
Just sign on the line and I'm fully insured?
Remember, this is just a formality.
What did you expect, in that hoodie?
I'm afraid the hoodie is a dead giveaway.
By showing remorse, we can avoid the death penalty.
I won't lie to you. The jury's got that death look showing.
There IS a difference between natural death and murder.
Not gonna lie, Mr. Reaper. It looks grim.
No. Look, it's a civil case--he doesn't get the death penalty if you win.
We need the jury on your side. Relax, smile, and stop killing them.
I suggest a little fire and brimstone in your closing remarks.
You could get life, but you don't want that, do you?
Cheer up-- the death penalty is off the table.
I suggest you lose the hoodie. It scares the jurors.
I thought we had a chance until you told the jury, 'I'll get you all someday.'
If you get the death penalty that means you get of scott free
I know what you think, but I'm taking the plea.
I wouldn't recommend an ex post facto defense. You don't want to open yourself up to biblical punishment.
Gasp! The hood fits.
You're in luck, they're seeking the death penalty.
Take care of jurors 3, 5, and 8 and we're home free.
I just don't think pleading the 5th is going to work here...
I can't find any character references for you...
Leave it on: nameless and faceless relates more to Everyman.
It's not like they can give you the death penalty.
The good news is it's not a capital offense.
We need a better defense than “his time was up.”
Now remember -- jurors pay a lot of attention to body language, especially facial expression and eye movements.
Is this your first offense?
I'm having a difficult time finding a witness to confirm your alibis.
I told you to get a new suit !
Leave the objections to me, ok?
The Grim Reaper defense won't work in your case.
So you have no objections to an insanity defense?
The good news is you'll never get life.
Just think, this trial has us both staring at death.
Seriously? Even the judge's childhood pet gerbil?
If we win, Death be not proud.
Not to worry", it's called double indemnity.
Yes, I understand it's 'comfy' however...
I don't think you should wear the Witness Protection Program garb until after the trial.
...but they've got nobody to carry out the death penalty.
That's your idea of business casual?
It was hard to find a jury of your peers.
...and stop staring at the jury. It's intimidating.
How long does that starching hold up?
That necktie makes you look too sinister.
I have to advise you to keep a low profile.
I WANT A DIFFERENT LAWYER.
Like I said, this outcome is not dead certain.
You couldn't have worn a suit? You just look guilty.
The title of the song was "Eyes Without a Face." Doesn't apply.
I might be able to get them to accept five to ten - if you'll throw in an extra five years for the judge...
This isn't what I meant by business formal.
Dude, I think that the writ of Habeas Corpus is in play here...
No of course I'm not going to put a Trappist monk on the stand.
Like I said, nothing is dead certain.
Believe me, I am trying hard to conceal the secrets of your " shell corporation....! "
Is life-without-parole really an option for you?
Now I want you to give them your sunny-ist smile
Yes, yes, I adore Dickens too, but we're not here to argue it's his masterpiece.
It's better for our case that you agreed to leave the scythe at home.
Is this a higher or a lower court?
We've got this. He was a known anarchist and the police have already stated that his death was "accidental"! Stop worrying! For goodness sake, he was on your doorstep!
Congratulations, it's a hung jury.
I told you not to face the jury.
Sorry, but "until death do us part" won't be a good defense
I don't think 'it's inevitable' is a winning defense.
The selfies are a real problem for us.
This not going well - the jury thinks you're just an empty suit, er, hoodie.
Try not to look so grim when I put you on the stand.
When I said our best hope was for a hung jury, I didn't mean it literally.
I thought I told you to put on a suit and tie.
Worst case scenario, you'll be sentenced to life.
Well..do I even have time to finish this brief?
You should have told me you once worked for the IRS.
The death penalty is not on the table.
Bad news - they're offering life.
No. No. No. I want it as much as you do, but there's no way we can ask for the death penalty in the Trump University case.
Help me. I do not approve of capital punishment.
What's the trick to holding up that hood?
You're not likable enough for us to risk putting you on the stand.
I think you're looking at the death penalty.
Let's forget about eye contact with the jury.
Your character witnesses just aren't panning out.
Be sure to peer earnestly at the jury.
I think there's a hole in our case.
Remember: if the scythe doesn't fit...
Just keep your poker face.
There's so much evidence against you, the jury wants to give you the death penalty AGAIN!!!
Remember, what happened in the hood stays in the hood.
Good news: you may get life.
Remember, not a word about the chess match.
Are you there ?
the good news is that you don't have to worry about the death penalty.
My suit had blood on it.
They're demanding complete transparency.
The word is 'nolo', not 'yolo'.
It's about who you didn't kill.
I'm sorry, but you don't have a snowball's chance in hell.
If you want to appeal, I need another 100 souls as a retainer.
Bad news, they gave you Life.
Piece of cake. My firm represented Ted Kennedy.
Listen Grim, Keith Richards is being granted his Restraining Order and the Stones are petitioning for immortality...
I don't think we have to worry about them seeking the death penalty
It's tricky--you might get the death penalty.
Big mouth!
I asked you to wear a nice suit.
Did you really wait 9 months for your hoodie?
It's all circumstantial. They can't PROVE it was your scythe.
Shouting "Black Deaths Matter" will lose it all for us.
It's in the bag - this state doesn't have a death penalty.
My fault -- I did tell you to dress in business attire.
You do know "kill me now" is just a figure of speech, right?
I don't know why you chose me, I'm a tax attorney.
There's no way they can prove it's your scythe.
Don't worry--without the scythe they have nothing.
Good news. I got you the death penalty.
Pssst... lose the robe.
That vanishing cream company will pay through the nose.
The prosecution claims they can connect you to any murder.
You're probably looking at the death penalty.
Can we get Scalia back, just until November?
Potter's going to testify. You'd better take the deal.
They are confused about who represents death.
I'm going to ask you once last time—did you kill this man?
I hate to be the grim reaper, but your case is not looking good.
The good news is, we should be done by lunch.
How about, “His hands are so brittle; you must vote acquittal”?
There seems to be consensus in the jury that the death penalty in this case would not be an issue..
I'm hoping for a hung jury
We'll plead "certain."
I don't think you're giving off the best first impression.
No, most CEOs don't wear a hoodie to the hearing.
It's not a big deal if you get the death penalty.
We maybe able to use this in your defense. Tell the truth. Did you want to be the Unabomber or Dopey?
I hope the judge sees the irony in sentencing you to death.
It looks good for an acquittal. The prosecutor can't find any witness who saw the perpetrator's face.
I just noticed: there's nothing in your black hole.
We're going to kill this.
I'm assuming that you'll be fine with the death penalty.
How many times have I told you to lose the hoodie?
I'd put you on the stand but the jury will see right through you.
1. Maybe second chair on a tax evasion case is just too symbolically challenging for this jury? 2. "Supreme" appointment or not, that still doesn't explain how you got this nomination hearing before the election?
It doesn't look good, I'm going to need payment up front.
You might have a chance. All your witnesses are dead.
You're telling me this now?
It would help your case if you smiled!
Another continuance, right?
Could you have at least worn a tie?
You definitely won't get life.
Not what I meant by your 'best suit'
Laughing when the judge says death sentence? Not our best move.
You wait until now to tell me you did do it!
If you don't lose the hood, people will take grim part seriously.
So...the proverbial empty suit is now the empty hoodie?
I wouldn't make any holiday plans.
Are they treating you all right in there? You look like death.
What about juror no. 666?
Frankly, I don't think you have a chance in hell of winning this claim of breach of contract for selling one's soul.
The best we'll get is manslaughter.
How many?
Sorry, I forgot to tell you h-o-o-d-i-e is spelled g-u-i-l-t-y in here.
Alright! Another death penalty!
Let me be clear about this...even if I lose this case, I still retain possession of my soul
Let's leave jury selection to me.
At this time the defense rests in peace.
Because there are no witnesses, the evidence against you is strictly circumstantial.
You've been sentenced to life in a monastery with no chance of becoming an abbot.
Ok, now try to look alive during the cross examination.
OK fine, there may be no eyewitnesses. But haven't you ever heard of circumstantial evidence?
OK. So you'll take the Fifth.
I'll try to get you time served and a millennium in Purgatory.
The death penalty, we can be certain, is off the table.
These cases always end the same
Taking this deal will help eradicate life in prison.
He’s simply here, Your Honor, for a “meet and greet” with the defendant.
Personally, I'm against it.
So, what happened to your last attorney?
Reject the premise of existence.
Nobody's ever tried to plea-bargain for the death penalty!
The problem is your alibi's dead too.
We will bury them.
With the plea bargain I can get you life.
I'm sure we can get an acquittal , but you have to appear more like likeable.
They don't exactly 'give you' the chair.
How about, "If the hood fits, you must acquit."
Your chances would improve if you wore a tie.
You're opposed to the death sentence?
What do you mean, "they can't identify me because I'm faceless", that's HOW they identified you.
Look on the bright side -- in 20 years this'll make a great crime drama.
I thought I asked you to wear a tie...
Even with a consecutive life sentence, you'll be out in a day.
I got this, just because you walk around with a hoody doesn't make you a criminal.
Did you take his life?
I guess no matter what, it's a Death sentence.
Worst case scenario, you could get life
I hate to tell you this, but things are looking pretty grim.
When you raise your right hand, point to the judge and strike him dead.
They can't implement the death penalty unless you commit suicide.
We have a good judge. The tax collector just got off.
You got this. They're all afraid of you. Everybody in the room is afraid of you.
You're dead to me for the work you make me do.
Yes, I'm certain. I handle taxes, and you handle…you know, …what you handle.
I would advise that you describe your relationship with the victim as strictly professional.
"You're going to get the life penalty".
I think your 'hoodie' is spooking the jury.
I'm absolutely here for you.
No, I don't think the robe makes you look "judicial."
Isn't the death penalty technically suicide?
.... well, then again, you may be too easy to identify.
I dunno, can you make the jury like you?
I told you security would take your scythe.
No, I don't want you to get your sickle.
Naw, trust me on this one - let's leave your sickle in the car.
As heinous as it was, he says he will dismiss your case with the proviso you never set foot in this county again.
Everything's going to be alright. Your execution is beyond human ability.
I think we may have a problem finding impartial jurors.
I'm afraid they may sentence you to life.
Perhaps I should deliver the closing argument instead.
You of all people should have realized the certainty of taxes
As for that 'inevitable' crap, the IRS wants to own it.
The reason the trial is being delayed is that something seems to have happened to the prosecutor.
"Their time was up" isn't a defence Mr Reaper.
Sorry, the death penalty is off the table.
Calling yourself Dr. Death is not helping.
Well, of course justice is blind. Let's face it though, in your case, they'll see right through you.
Remember, we're trying to highlight your cuddly side
Bad nose job or not, this outfit isn't helping our case
Remember, you don't even know what a scythe looks like.
Remember, I'll do all the talking.
It is hard enough, did you have to wear that to court
With the number of prior convictions, I recommend you plead.
Just because is not a motive.
They've taken death off the table.
No, wearing your charcoal gray suit tomorrow is not going to fix this.
Look, I've done all I can, but the jury needs to hear you testify.
We're having some trouble finding impartial jurors.
I said a business suit AND a tie.
It's a hung jury.
Sorry, this is traffic court....
I'm afraid I have bad news. They have notified the judge they will be seeking the life sentence.
I'm glad you took my advice to leave the scythe at home.
Trust me. It's called the metaphor defense.
This is not the time for hide and seek!!
You're taking this 'See no evil, speak no evil, hear no evil' thing a little too far.
We're going to win so for Pete's sake keep your head on !
I don't think 'but that's what I do' is going to fly with the jury
You should be worried. Judge Hatcher just lost his wife.
...and you are?
Let's try and promote your good side.
Of course you're guilty.
I said dark coat, not dark cloak, Mr. Daggert.
You tell the judge to go to hell!
Sorry buddy, I think you're getting life.
You shouldn't have used facebook to announce your arrival
I didn't realize Hell had a law school.
I'm expecting the life penalty
So you're saying that your defense is that you have no face?
You should face the jury before they vote.
Are you really suggesting "depraved indifference"?
After your testimony, the judge will understand just who is at risk for the death penalty.
Best-case scenario? The death penalty.
When the bailiff says "all rise", don't get cute.
The judge isn't budging. No sickles in the courtroom.
The jury needs to get to know you as a person
I'm going to be honest -- it's looking grim.
perhaps it would be better if you didn't make eye contact with the jury
Ironically, the prosecution is seeking the death penalty too
Stick to the story. You are personally opposed to the death penalty.
I told you, no hoodies in court.
Don't worry, they've abolished the death penalty.
And remember, only answer the question asked.
Deal? If we pass this, can I live to see it happen?
Scythe, smythe. We'll never get that thing into evidence.
I worked hard to keep the death penalty off the table.
Tell them it wasn't a weapon you just wanted to cut down their high grass.
We need a powerful closing statement.
The appeal is not going well either?
No more jokes about requesting the death penalty, OK?
So I'm guessing you're not the guy from the Innocence Project?
What do you mean this IS your most professional look?
Don't worry, I think I can get you the death penalty.
uh, do you like green beans?
We can get you time off for good behavior.
You may very well have faced He Who Judges All Mankind, but in the courtroom of the 63rd District magistrate, I'm the one who knows how to play the game.
They'll offer the death penalty; we'll claim double idemnity.
Let's open with a statement about all the times when you changed your mind.
I don’t care if it’s your “brand.” We’re trying to beat a wrongful death charge and you’re not helping.
I'm going to argue that you are a victim of profiling.
No offense... At least it's not the death penalty
If you'll plead out the scythe charge, I can make the rest of it go away.
Don't worry. I'll get you the death sentence.
Try not to touch anything.
They say your DNA is on the sickle.
The IRS case against you is weak, but nothing's certain ...
The jury is death-qualified.
I am sorry, but it is hard to come up with a defense when you are wanted everywhere for manslaughter.
Try to lose the smirk, will you?
I think we can cut a deal if you let some of them live
I'm pretty sure I can get you life.
Fortunately, this state doesn't carry the death penalty. At most you'll get life.
Of course, for you death isn't a penalty.
Something tells me you know which way the jury is leaning.
Your brother is not feeling well and he sent you?
Gender bias is the least of our problems.
No, we can't seek the death penalty on a parking violation.
Excuse me your honor. My client just lost his head for a moment.
There is no death penalty in this state.
Well, so much for Deflategate, coach-- but next time, ditch the hoodie
You're wasting your time. He's a millionaire.
I think it was a mistake to call Famine, Pestilence, and War as your character witnesses...
The theory of our case is that he cheated death and he needs to pay for the cheating.
Good news. One of the jurors is an undertaker.
I'm sure you get asked this all the time, but was Elvis really on the toilet when you got there?
Try not to intimidate the witnesses
Just stare at the judge and we'll be fine.
Poker face! POKER FACE!
So what was it like working with Ingmar Bergman?
Let me get this straight... You're willing to swear, under oath, that you were framed by a guy named Bergman?
Look. Accepting payment obligates you to transport.
"Frankly, our chances of finding someone to testify on your behalf are pretty slim".
We know you did it, but when is it going to stop?
Don't worry if we lose. They keep calling it a penalty but it'll feel more like a slap on the wrist.
Whoever it was they didn't leave any fingerprints.
So we have to convince the state you are neither cruel nor particularly unusual.
But I don't understand. You said to wear my suit
Remember to plead the Fifth if they ask you about your work with terrorists.
I'm going to recommend the death penalty
Worst case scenario, you're looking at life.
You look surprised..
I hope you are here to testify.
Let's call it a scythe.
I'm pretty sure we can wrangle joint custody of the kids, but she's probably going to get the pale horse.
Now you want to apologize?
I don't see any peers in the jury pool.
"I was just doing my job" is not a good defence.
Ummm…that's not exactly what "habeas corpus" means here.
I wouldn't worry about the death penalty because, well, you know.
You're right again -- another 12 more jurors suddenly died.
Remember, I'll do the talking.
Let's face it... Anything you get is a death penalty.
Saying "Go to Hell" is not interpreted here as "Go home."
Bad news! The state has just abolished the death penalty.
Well, at least it wasn't the death penalty.
Forget about it. He's NOT going to give you life.
Good thing is you're not charged with murder
Their case is strong. Brace yourself: You may get life.
If we win is it possible to add a few more years to my life?
They're demanding the you penalty.
You really killed them in your cross-examination
Jury No. 3 has the same outfit!
Remember, never mention that scythe.
They're offering life.
In your case I think going for the death penalty is overkill.
Don't worry. What's the worst they can do? Sentence you to death?
Look, it's a no win situation here. She picked you out of a lineup. Plead guilty or go to trial....either way, we're all dead!
Just let me do all the talking.
I told you to wear a suit, no hoodies in the courtroom!
When I took your case I said be transparent, not invisible!
It doesn't matter if it is for your job, no contact means no contact.
Apparently, the court is having a problem finding unbiased jurors.
I thought we agreed you would lose the hoodie for the trial.
WE COULD PLEA BARGAIN FOR LIFE
Mr. Reaper. This is a court room. Yes, justice and truth were the first victims. However, threatening the judge with the fires from hell and eternal damnation will not help your case.
You're exhibit A of the murder case.
At this point, I think you should take the deal.
No, I don't think self-defense will work in this case
Personally, I like your outfit. Not sure about the jury.
They are not accepting your plea that you just lost your head.
Whatever you do, don't use the "d" word.
You sure this is the only way to avoid jail time?
Their case is mostly circumstantial.
No, Shkreli does not have a copyright on that sentiment, but I must advise you not to tweet it during the hearing.
I still do not understand why this has become a capital case.
They want to impose the Life Penalty.
It would have helped if you hadn't shown up looking like death warmed over.
Mr. Reaper, as your counsel, I am advising to stop claiming that you oversee all "encryptions".
Fat chance. Her Honor leans toward Life without parole.
Are you sure you want to go through with this case?
Well maybe you should have thought of that before you decided to shake hands with my witnesses.
Sorry, but no, sir, they don't validate parking.
I think our best bet is for you to just plead the 5th
Well, at least we know the prosecution wont't seek the death penalty...
So we really need to establish ownership of the pale horse
I told you to wear a suit today.
Well, we can't really deny that you did it.
Your choice; the electric chair or the scythe.
I think I can get the death penalty off the table!
Lucky for you everyone's wearing them.
Don't throw yourself upon the mercy of the court. Remember, you want the death penalty.
Remember, try not to over-react.
I believe the case with is going well and would advise you not to testify.
I thought you of all people would know only two things in life are certain?
Are you sure you didn't do anything to Scrooge?
Your defense needs brightening.
I have a feeling you're losing confidence in me.
Sympathetic jury? Forget it. I don't care if it is your job, murder is murder, and as your attorney, I'll be seeking the death penalty.
Was it really you?
You're free to go. There's no Death sentence in New York.
Wouldn't worry. You were just the messenger.
Both you and your chances in this case are really grim.
If you plead guilty, they'll drop the death sentence.
no. I said death and taxes. Not death and illegal offshore tax shelters.
Not now, I'm busy.
Yes, I'm sure 'absence of malice' will not be effective here!
The problem is I don't think saying"I was only doing my job" is going to elicit much sympathy from the jury.
Make it look like the sickle doesn't fit.
Don't worry, I've never lost a case on facial insufficiency.
Just remember: you're a cowl. You've never been a hood.
Shouting "death to all mortals" really isn't helping your case, Larry.
I told you to stop pointing at Juror #5.
The lawyer replied, 'You said you feel like you are having a panic attack?'
Did you just call me an 'empty suit'?
This killing spree that they're alleging... Can you tell me how far back it goes?
They think you could be useful on death row.
Might be a little late for a plea bargain.
I guess a death sentence is redundant.
Well , you reap what sow and no you will not testify !
Your Honor, Death pleads Guilty to tax evasion.
"Death comes for us all" is not a good defense.
Most of my clients think of it as a penalty.
I advise you to plea, "Let me be me."
Don't look any juror in the eye. And it would help if you could be a little less grim.
It hinges on the context of the term "cheating."
'I think the judge giving you the death penalty is a little on the redundant side."
It all comes down to facial recognition.
I'm sure the prosecution will not go for the death penalty, it would be redundant.
Are you winking at me?
Are you listening to what I am saying?
I'm certain, you will have to pay the taxes.
All is not lost, just try to stop thinking on the dark side.
Yes, but Johnnie Cochran's not around any more. And whose fault is that?
Can you work work with me here? I'm not asking for tears, but we're doomed unless you can come up with a contrite expression.
Let's Face it, they're not gonna bite on invisibility alibi.
So this is the first time I've represented Anonymous.
This looks tough. Do you have any character witnesses we could call?
Let's put it this way: The scythe of justice cuts slowly, but it cuts really deep ...
This is my formal hoodie.
Appeals on behalf of morbidity have been ruled out.
Habeas Corpus? Seriously?!?
As your lawyer I have to know: did you mean to kill them?
Relax. Each juror will only be thinking about the net time they meet you.
Honestly, I don't think you'll make it. This is the fifth time.
Traditionally, you don't show up until after the governor denies clemency.
Suppose I plead guilty to taxes.
My best advice? Be not proud.
Remember not to smile at the jury
They'll drop everything else, but you can't avoid the tax charge.
But, sorry, a zip code is required.
If convicted, the penalty is death which, in your case, would be moot.
You are lucky. Death has not been outlawed in this state.
No worries! This state has abolished the death penalty
Just sit there and look innocent.
Can you just keep your hands to your self form once.
Please....no more jokes about a 'hung jury'.
I'd take the plea if I were you.
Lets face it, no pun intended, things look grim Mr. Reaper.
Did you wear a disguised facemask during the robbery?
And what is the impact you hope to create among the jurors? Will your current look inspire that, do you think?
I think it's best you don't testify.
I think you and I have a different definition of hung jury
The judge doesn't see why you need to be in the witness protection program!
How do you know their lead witness won't testify?
I'm your third lawyer. What happened to the other two?
You think Juror Six can be gotten to?
Why didn't you tell me about the scythe?
Jurors like humility. Don't keep saying that you're certain.
Finding a jury of your peers is terrifying.
Look on the bright side; the death penalty is probably out.
Put yourself on the stand and it will come back to haunt you.
Your request for a chess match has been denied.
I hear you, but i can't see what your saying !
They're offering a life sentence.
What did you say would happen if I don't get a reduction in your alimony?
Death be not proud--so it's okay to take the fifth
The DA will let you plea bargain for life.
I presume you're taking the Fifth?
I've got good news, they're seeking the death penalty.
At least I have a nose.
Do you REALLY think ANYBODY can identify ME?
Look buddy, nobody cheats me.
your hoodie will just prejudice the jury
Look, it's nothing personal, that's just what the penalty is called.
You needn't look so grim.
I told you, nobody's going to take you seriously if you dress like that.
I don't swear in.
I always knew this job would kill me.
I'm here for you. This is Texas!
A jury of your peers is out of the question. Now just sit there and try not to look like death warmed over!
Let's talk about your body language.
To this jury, you're not death incarnate, you're just a white guy with a hoodie - you'll be fine.
In your case, capital punishment may not apply
On the bright side, the penalty is named in your honor.
Listen to me--can you say "so help me God"?
The just-following-orders defense has not worked since the Nuremberg trials.
If that's your innocent look, we're doomed.
So, you are OK with the death penalty?
Don't worry. The death penalty was repealed here years ago.
If you want people to believe you're innocent, the hoodie has to go.
Ironically, we live in a state that doesn't support your penalty.
Not to worry. They don't have prima facial evidence.
You don't understand: you've run out of your retainer.
Tell me was it the Salmon Paté at lunch?
Your outfit may be de rigueur but I think it's suggestive of the death penalty.
We'll plead mitigating circumstances - you were just doing your job...
Darn it, I really shouldn't have jaywalked.
I have to be honest, it's going to be very hard for you to get a fair trial here in Florida.
If he asks if you have no sense of decency, plead the Fifth.
Just because you're dead doesn't mean you're above the law.
Well no, technically, it's not a jury of your peers..
Because you're peerless, this charade is probably moot.
I don’t think the jury is going to buy our grim reaper defense.
Would you prefer a life sentence or a death sentence?
Plead guilty and you'll get life.
it's not looking good...
"It's my job" is not a valid defense.
I'm not sure that this judge will consider a voice message a binding contract that you won a free Caribbean Cruise.
Is this about your mother again?
With all this evidence, your chances are looking Grim.
As your attorney I must caution you. You could get life.
Just play dead - I'll do all the talking..
Some bad news, your alibi is alive.
So far, so good. Your chances look pretty grim.
As your attorney, I must warn you that the court has a strict no hoodie policy.
Residuals -including international- we aren't settling for less.
I'll let you do the closing argument.
The jurors with the 'Make American Great" buttons seem the most sympathetic.
They want to know if Grim Reaper is an alias?
I think our best strategy is to argue that you were just the messenger.
It's habeas corpus, not habeas corpse.
You'd better start preparing to get a life !
Just give her the house and car before she starts bringing up the other stuff.
It's looking . . . well . . . grim.
Better not. Hoodies have become a presumption of guilt in this courtroom.
Look, the most important thing is that you not lose face.
I recommend you plead no-contest to the tax-evasion charge.
This does end well for you
We're okay. The Court has confirmed the right to bear scythes.
Can you swear that the death was accidental?
I'm the ambulance chaser
Please don't make eye contact with any of the jurors....that is, if in fact you actually have eyes.
You've got nothing to worry about---this state doesn't have a Death penalty.
I AM the death penalty
You might want to smile a bit more -- jurors seem to like that.
Would a suit and tie have killed you?
Ubiquity isn't going to work as an alibi.
"No, a hung jury does not mean your hangman buddy is involved in this case".
I think I love you, Harvey.
You really gotta stop making eye contact with the jury.
Would be best to keep your job out of the alibi.
I'll leave the closing arguments to you.
No. I deliver the closing statement.
But he said he would replace the Constitution with 'something terrific.'
No I can't use the movie Ghost as your alibi!
Donald wants 300 million souls as collateral.
Just try to look innocent.
I think it will be difficult to argue that this is a prima facie case.
Go ahead - I think you should try on the gloves.
Please remember, next time wear a suit and tie.
On the plus side, capital punishment in this state is "beheading".
They're having trouble finding a jury of your peers.
How ironic - they're asking for the death penalty.
So this is how you reward me for getting you out on bail
Take my advice and don't smile at any of the jurors.
Listen up! You are the flip side of an OB/GYN." "Listen up! You are the flip side of an OB/GYN.
Try not to look so vacuous when you testify.
I'm sorry, but they want you to do life.
We'll plea-bargain for death.
I repeat...no breath mints, no defense.
They can't find the bodies you buried, but they've got you on tax evasion.
actually, I was thinking we should wait until I have presented my final argument.
Yes, the judge and jury are aware that your arresting officers and the district attorney all passed away this week.
He's asking for three more weeks but I think we can get him down to next Tuesday.
I still think a suit and tie would work better.
It's "inevitable" and "would you rather pay taxes" are not good defenses.
My strategy is to just buy us a little more time.
As your lawyer, I suggest you not testify in this wrongful death suit.
What's the catch?
Do you have a less prejudicial outfit?
He's about to get jail for life...trust me on this one, death
If this verdict doesn't turn out well, mind if I take over?
No, this is not a death penalty state.
You really need to stop giggling every time the prosecutor mentions the death penalty.
Remember! The longer I live the more I can do for you!
On second thought, the maximum sentence might be OK.
They threw out 106 billion of the counts against you based on the statute of limitations, but that still leaves 1 billion.
Wear a suit next time.
I'm sorry, but "its my thing" is a defense.
No, you can't request a hung jury.
Unfortunately, it's death AND taxes.
This should be a slam dunk. The prosecution has no eyewitnesses!
Ix-nay on wearing the hoodie to court.
A dark suit without a hood would have worked better.
I'm sorry, but "its my thing" is not a defense.
the good news is no one got a clear look at the suspect's face.
I strongly advise that you leave the hood on.
You're looking pretty fly.
This is traffic court. I can't ask the judge to give you the death penalty.
Try not to give the jury a blank stare.
You might have a better chance if you took off that hoody.
Your complexion is sallow. Get more fresh air and exercise.
Please don't look the jurors in the eye.
I'd like to save you until the end.
The verdict is looking grim.
I guess a tax case was inevitable.
I know you feel strongly about the hoody but generally a jury is swayed by some positive eye contact.
You're not helping!
I can get the death cases thrown out, but tax evasion....
You'll be lucky to get life.
You're right, no one seems favorably disposed to your actions.
Let's get Juror No. 2 "removed"
Relax, you had to leave your scythe at the metal detector. Now, you're just a random guy in a hoodie.
Why can't you tell them who's on first?
Frankly, we're in trouble. Everyone on the jury is alive.
Perfect! And I'll handle the tax issues.
Let's face it....your going down.
Don't be so grim, the jury is still out.
That doesn't sound like good advice!!
Why are you always so grim about everything??
So, am I defending you as the Grim Reaper or the Grim Rapper?
Duck. She said the robberr was wearing a hoodie.
The real trick will be proving to the millennials that you're not a Dementor.
Is there anything between the Black Death and World War II you're not telling me about.
When I said we wanted a hung jury, I didn't mean it literally.
This is not what I meant when I said I needed a dramatic closing.
Well, congratulations, you got the death penalty. But you can expect they're gonna give it the ol' college try anyway.
I guess keeping in touch with facetime is out of the question.
Just don't touch me until after the verdict is read.
Come on are you going to follow me everywhere. O.k. I've learned my lesson, texting and driving are bad.
We could cut a deal if you tell me where Taxes is hiding out.
Your business plan is sound.
You should have worn the suit I think.
We discussed this. You're not testifying.
as your lawyer I have to tell you that your outlook is very Grimm
Look into their eyes, with a confident smile.
I think I'd lose the hoodie - it comes across as anti-social.
We're gonna get him. I won't see you cheated again.
I'm not sure the death and taxes argument constitutes reasonable doubt.
I told you NOT to dress casual.
Are you stalking me?
You "kindly stopped" for her? What does that even mean?
I can plea bargain for you to avoid yourself.
We're gonna plead life, without parole.
When the Prosecution asks you to take the stand, do that evil laugh thing.
Y'know, the victim was killed with a scythe.
You're sure you want to plead not guilty"?
Just when did you first realize that you were dead?
Ironically, you could get Life....
You need to take the next witness.
I'll probably get a death sentence again.
Don't forget to make eye contact.
No, there is no glove you can try to put on.
I agree, losing the scythe should help your defense
Do you really think I'm worried about the death sentence?
It's "So help me God." You don't have to mean it.
The fact that you didn't shave should not affect the outcome.
Are you sure you aren't hiding anything?
A death sentence will not change your life in any way.
Are you sure that you're not the killer?
No, this time it's about taxes.
You're sure she was wearing that same tulle tippet when got out of your carriage?
Not sure they'll think the death penalty plea will make it even.
If they find the sickle.....we're in a pickle.
– hey Death, think we gonna win – why? – they can't find your fingerprints
Three parking tickets, really?
Who exactly has been ripping off and profiting from your graffiti designs?
That's not exactly what I had in mind when I said to wear a killer outfit.
I would consider "aggravated stalking" a win.
There is no prima facie evidence.
Tomorrow, wear a suit.
Sorry, "It was their time" is not a valid defense.
Only YOU could think the death penalty is a slap on the wrist.
If you were the devil, we could create sympathy.
I don't like where this is headed. What do you think?
Another accident, huh? The judge won't let you plead The Fifth again!
It won't be life or the death sentence, so I'm not entirely sure what we're doing here.
Nobody innocent wears a hoodie
When I put you on the stand, don't look so grim.
Stop worrying. The worst you can get is 'life'.
Looks like another hung jury.
You should have gone with the plea bargain.
Just don't mention what you do for a living and you'll be fine.
Was Immortality still in the carriage when you dropped off the hitch-hiker wearing the Tulle Tippet?
I'm sorry. There's no open carry defense for a scythe.
"He knew I was coming for him," is not a defense.
Ok, I get it. She did kill her lover with the candelabra in the library!
Wrong, I am the voice of reason.
Take it! You'll be out in a 100 years with good behavior.
The court won't accept the name "Grim Reaper.
I know you are used to settling things out of court . . .
Of course you are innocent, but I'd plead the 5th anyway.
Don't let her rattle you.
I'd advise against asking the judge whether your hoodie makes your face look fat.
Your case is a grave situation.
I gotta say, the case looks grim.
Just remember, you're the defense.
The prosecution will bargain if you swap kale for butter.
This jury will not sympathize with 'a downtrodden black man in white gloves.'
Could you LOOK any more guilty?
Stay calm. A 'hung jury' is just a figure of speech.
On the flip side, you did invent the death penalty.
Try to show some remorse ….
The judge is asking for continuance again. Looks like another set of jury members died of "natural causes" last night.
You are the Grim Reaper." "Well this time, I'm innocent, so prove it, or you will be my next victim.
They've offered a plea of Manslaughter.
Deny everything!
I told you to wear a suit and tie!
So when you get up there this time, try not to look so grim.
If it's any consolation, I believe you're innocent.
Don't worry. I can get you off this murder charge. They have nothing on you.
I'm not sure the occupational hazard exception applies in your case.
Trite or not, the wardrobe malfunction defense is your best chance.
I am sorry it took so long to get a court date
So you're missing Trump's IQ gene...
Apparently you can't stand your ground with a scythe.
When I put you on the stand, just don't look at the jurors.
There's no getting around this. You're going to have to put your hand on the Bible.
What do you think of a first impression?
Frankly, it doesn't look good.
Can you repeat that? This time, without the echo............
Don't worry. There's no death penalty in this state.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm not going to put you on the stand.
It won't be easy finding a jury of your peers.
Given your history, citing diminished responsibility might not be the best way forward.
Stop acting so paranoid. He's reading my lips, not yours.
Looks like they're seeking the death penalty.
Now's your last chance: Have you ever killed anyone before?
I like your brief.
I can't keep objecting each time they say, "Death Penalty."
It's the Supreme Court. I don't think they recognize any higher authority.
You've an appointment with me?
You should have picked out a different colored hoodie.
No, I maintain that "his time had come" is not an effective defense.
You could be facing a death penalty.
Yes, I'm certain that these are my taxes...why?
We can't ask for a continuance. This is a tax case.
They're not buying our "first time offender" plea.
Congratulations, they've denied his writ of Habeas Corpus.
Well what penalty did you expect to get?
I don't think a change of venue would do you much good.
I warned you that testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is especially deadly.
I don't like to reschedule on my plastic surgeon. It's rude.
You're screwed", "everybody hates you.
Pro bono? With your record, it means you're screwed.
You can't REQUEST a death sentence!
I'm telling you, it's face without a name and it's brain over brawn.
I told you not to wear that outfit for the trial.
I'm a homicide lawyer, it's dark stuff.
Remember, don't let them bait you on your involvement with the tobacco industry.
Don't worry - they can't give me life.
And don't bring up 'death panels' again.
I'm certain taxes will be here.
They couldn't see your face in that hoodie.
Candidly, your case is looking grim.
I said 'sole' defense - not 'soul' defense.
Go with me here. What's the worst that can happen?
It's not looking good, is it?
Then again, maybe we should have stuck with the jumpsuit.
Good news. They're willing to take Death off the table.
For the last time, traffic violations don't warrant the death penalty.
I don't suppose you can suggest any character witnesses?
I take it you would be okay with the death penalty.
Please stop pointing at the jurors.
Just plead the fifth-it'll strengthen your case.
Admit nothing! We allow their souls to wander the earth, and your back in the death game. Deal? No need to shake on it.
In your case, I'd say dress for the sentence you want and not the job you have.
If we plea, I can get you life.
You're saying your wife accidentally fell on your scythe?
It's called a metal detector, and you need to stop whining.
They won't take the death penalty off the table, the sentence may be suicide.
Where you get the hoodie?
When I said 'Wear your dark suit,' I meant the Brooks Brothers one.
Don't worry... They didn't have the heart to seek the life penalty.
You know, we don't have a ghost of a chance, don't you?
You might want to ditch the hoodie
We're okay; scythe open-carry is legal in this state.
You can't wear the same clothes you were seen wearing in the CCTV.
I don't care what Shakespeare meant, stop saying 'the first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.'
Perhaps we should change our tactic, lighten up and don't look so Grimm.......
The prosecution took the death penalty off the table.
It could be worse, it could be the death sentence...
We're unlikely to get parole, given your record...
I think you should make the final statement.
There are some things you'll never have to face.
No, look, we went over this already -- you *don’t* want a hung jury.
Can you come back tomorrow, after closing arguments?
That character witness you gave us has a stygian address.
They can see the guilt on your face."
Could you try to look less grim?
They've got you dead to rights.
Could you try looking a little less grim?
If you're lucky, sentencing will take an eternity.
We plan to appeal on the grounds that you cannot be sentenced to yourself.
Taxes got life but you'll probably get time served.
I don't think they'll believe you're not taking the stand because you have a migraine.
What about those I should have gotten already but are still sitting in your death row cells?
I'd leave the scythe under the table.
It's a parking ticket. You can't ask for the death penalty.
I declined the plea bargain. Let's hope you get the chair.
I don't think I can get you life.
So what if I didn't help you in my last incarnation. I promise to do better this time.
The problem is that not everyone appreciates your sense of humor.
I told you. Being invisible and in her bedroom is not a defense to the charge of being a peeping tom.
Don't worry. The prosecutor is an empty suit.
Your moral objections to the death penalty are surprising, but duly noted.
Your job is to testify during the penalty phase.
Fortunately the judge has a macabre sense of humor.
You didn't tell me about your record.
I made you a killer deal.
No you won't testify. They will have to take things at face value.
Excuse me but this is the first time I represented death as a client.
You can't refuse to incriminate yourself if you don't have a self to incriminate.
I wouldn't be making any veiled threats.
We have an air-tight defense--use of the scythe is protected by the Second Amendment.
If you agree never to bother the judge, you’re free to go
Well, they're giving you life.
So you save face, and maybe find yourself ahead in the end. Win-win.
What do you mean, you were framed ?
I appreciate your efforts but I've decided to represent myself.
Well, then maybe we should skip the character witnesses
I doubt they'll go for the death penalty.
Do you really think I need to cop a plea?
Worst case, they give you life.
I told you to wear the navy, I can only do so much.
Let's not mention your regular job.
Seriously, let me do the talking. No one has ever beaten Death.
I advise you to take the 5th, as well as the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th.
You can't take a holiday--your trial starts tomorrow.
as your attorney, i advise... never mind.
At least the death penalty is off the table.
The prosecutor's asking for life.
In your case the sentence would be dinner with Donald Trump
You are charged with first degree grimness.
You're telling me you're not afraid of the death penalty?
When I have you testify, make sure you look the jury in their eyes.
How can I explain to the Court that you're from the other side?
I'm told the DA really wants to win this one.
So, are you saying you're NOT a hood?
This is Traffic Court, it is NOT a death penalty case!
I'm going to ask for habeas corpus.
If nobody turns up the scythe, you could walk.
It will help with the jury if you appear a little less grim.
I'm afraid the worst option has your name on it.
Did you have something to do with the hung jury?
The brothers will accept $50,000 and you agree to be called simply "The Reaper" from now on.
You've been accused of wrongful death. How do you want to plead?
No, it is not customary for the defendant to shake the prosecutor’s hand when the trial is over.
Remember to give the jury your killer smile.
Just plead not guilty, and try to look innocent
Ditch the hoodie, just take the 5th.
But, if I plead guilty, the judge will give me 'a Life sentence.'
I think juror number ten likes you.
I'm afraid it looks grim...
I know it's warm in here, but DO NOT take off your hoodie!!!
You should come out with us. Your poker face is awesome.
That's not really a fitting punishment for jay walking.
Y'know you are going to have to face up to this some time.
So it's not exactly a jury of your peers...
When we reconvene, be sure to bring the ill-filling glove.
Are you my new public defender?
Please stop snickering at "death penalty."
The Devil made you do it? That could be a defense!
...the good news is that I hear orange is the new black.
Stop looking at the jury. You're creeping them out.
remember to put your best face on for the jury.
Frankly, the hoodie isn't helping.
The scythe didn't fit.
The good news is, you'll get capital punishment.
Drop the hood and the "Doctor X" moniker, 'kay?
I stacked the jury with Millennials.
This is why it's so hard to come for a lawyer.
Just because it's a death penalty case doesn't mean I need a second chair!
All the evidence indicates that the defendant did indeed cheat you.
We'll take the death-and taxes-sure-things stance.
now if you can just take care of the judge, we'll be all set
If I’m going to get you off, you have to lose the hoodie.
Good news--they'll settle for a restraining order.
That's not what I meant by 'professional dress.'
Since this is your first trial for the firm, I will tell you when to go for the kill.
You know you are not doing yourself any favor by wearing a hoodie to court.
We'll at least I can assure you.... you won't get the death penalty.
With this jury, you could get life.
Worst case scenario? You could get a life sentence.
"We need to produce a witness who was with you that day".
I'm sorry, the best I can get you is life.
Denial, is first.
Did they see your face?
If your willing to remove the cloak I may be able to get you parolled in a few weeks based on time served.
To win this case you'll have to remove the hoodie!
I assume the death penalty is not an issue.
I asked the judge for community service.
There's someone at my office I would like you to meet.
What do you mean the tie makes me look guilty?
Frankly,the gangsta hoodie routine isn't helping your image.
Understand, you're looking at life.
Oh boy... You say you know the judges daughter how?
You mean everyone at your law firm wears hoods?
They're want to charge you with murder, but I think we can get it down to manslaughter.
I'd recommend you make an appearance before this particular committee
I'd can't stay and handle your case because I've got an appointment in Samarra.
Slowing overpopulation is a weak defense, but it's all we got.
I know you want the death penalty but this is traffic court.
Any one that says you're guilty has a hole in his head!
Just because that particular sentence is named after you doesn't mean we're doomed from the start.
Your priors are going to be a problem.
Don't be proud.
You're sure the hoodie doesn't fit?
I think we'll just skip the character witness part.
So I see you pay your taxes in flesh.
Don't let him bait you.
Have you considered keeping me on retainer?
We need a change of venue--any place that's not Florida.
Good news! I think he's going to give you the death penalty.
Yes, the witness looks like death warmed over.
If asked, you used the scythe for harvesting wheat.
Don't worry, it's a jury of your teenage peers.
Looks like you're going to get Death Row!
Exactly what part of "suit and tie" didn't you get?
Life imprisonment.
The worst you could get is Life
So - you're saying Ingmar Bergman can vouch that you were on the beach on the day in question?
I don't care what you saw on Law and Order -- they're just not going to take a manslaughter plea.
Fine, pro bono. But for the record, we DO have a soul.
I'm a lawyer...I sold my soul a long time ago.
You broke the law when you touched them.
No. No. No. ...No Darth Vader defense.
Somehow I don't see them going for the death penalty in this case.
On a positive note they took the death penalty off the table.
I advise you to wear a suit next time.
we'll call your scythe as the next witness
When you get on the stand, try looking a little less grim.
We may have trouble finding a jury of your peers.
Remember, "The pending legislation does NOT create death panels."
We're doing okay, but you're gonna have to testify.
The judge wants to know what your reaction to a death penalty would be?
You're late, and Taxes had to testify with minimal preparation. Everyone in the defendant's shoes usually gets a life sentence, but now I'm not so certain.
Always wear a shirt and tie in the courtroom. The hoodie could bias the jury.
Didn't I tell you to wear the navy blue cardigan?
Let's just hope the jury sees you as a kindly Dementor for helping the prisoners at Azbakan escape.
No, not self defense
We can't win without a body.
What are you pleading? Not guilty or not here?
I would advise you not to unjustly collect the plaintiff's soul. The judge could hold you in contempt.
The prosecutor is arguing for the death penalty on this case, although I guess that works in your favor.
Let the jury look you straight in the eye.
Just doing your job? Nobody’s gonna buy that one.
Pleading guilty will avoid you death penalty.
The scythe may send the wrong message.
Plead Nolo.
It's very important - for both of us- you learn to pronounce "mesothelioma."
Remember to take the fifth when they ask your name.
It's an all white jury. Lose the hoodie.
Don't worry, we've got a killer strategy.
That is not what I meant when I told you to dress conservatively.
Believe me, mistaken identity is our only defense.
Remember - we're going for Harmless Reaper.
Don't worry, we'll get you an orange hood
You are right, it does look grim.
You tried to sneak your scythe past security again, didn't you?
Okay, John Doe, here we go again.
Look at it this way -- the worst that'll happen is that you'll get the death penalty.
Sorry, I think they are going to give you life!
I can't ethically accept 'never dying' as payment. I'm handling this case pro bono.
You're not the empty suit I was expecting.
Could you stop glancing at the judge and then checking your watch? It's not helping us.
I would take the life sentence if I were you.
My last lawyer seemed more optimistic!
This is the first time anyone has tried the "necessary evil" defense, so we'll see how it goes.
Just be quiet, sit still, and try an look innocent...
I know you were just doing your job,, but the judge's wife?
Don't wear that hoodie if you don't want to be stereotyped
The jury room is off limits. Eat you lunch at recess in the hall.
In your case, you could get life.
Umm… Grim Reaper I'm not the right guy you're looking for. You see there's more men out there that are cheaper and I doubt you'll want me. Plus my girl always tells me I'm not a keeper, I think you'd probably want to see her, she's more of a weeper.
This is not what I expected when I asked you to wear a business suit.
Your chances of winning this case are grim.
It seems the witnesses are all deceased.
Can you tell from looking at the scythe whether it's yours?
I think we have a pretty good shot at a mistrial. You're scaring the crap out of the jurors.
No, I don't think they will charge you for every human since the beginning of time.
They won't seek the death penalty, they can't promote suicide.
Don't keep looking at the jurors. It's not helping your case.
If we're going to win this case, you need to lose the hoodie and keep a low profile.
The judge may ask you to take your hood off, but don't.
Frankly, this is my first death penalty case.
I KNOW it says a 'jury of your peers', but ...
Gee Rob, I'm glad it's not your sense of humor that's on trial here.
La muerte on trial for planning the end of the world.
No, I already told you. I couldn't find any character witnesses.
No, I agreed only to act as your local counsel.
It's not the hoodie itself that I'm worried about.
So, the counter-intuitive ensemble.
Okay - it looks like we're stuck with the reaping, but could you be a little less grim?
Just try not to look guilty.
It was inevitable that one day you'd be sued for censoring someone's Facebook post.
Do I have to go right now, or can I call my wife and say I won't be home for awhile?
I found it very difficult to find character references to defend you.
I promise you, if you just say what I tell you, you won't lose face
All of our witnesses are dead.
I still don't see how your looks will help us win.
My wife told me this case would kill me.
It may be a case of mistaken identity
You know, this time, it's not your place to judge.
Please stop touching the witnesses.
Yours is the grimmest case I've ever taken.
Yes, I definitely recommend taking the 5th!
You're finished, they found the scythe.
Your best shot is to roll with the Michael Jordan meme.
Yes, death is considered a penalty here.
I wouldn't worry. Their evidence is purely circumstantial.
I'm not sure "Everyone makes a mistake once in a while" is going to fly
I know you want to testify, but as your lawyer I advise against it.
Just remember they have to prove you were there.
No smiling when the eye witness takes the stand.
Things are looking pretty grim I'm afraid.
They still haven't found the body.
I'm claiming you were only doing your job.
When they ask what you do for a living, plead the fifth.
Relax, this jurisdiction looks very favorably upon whistleblowers
So, how is Terry? In case you wonder, this is a reference to Terry Prachet.
The burden is on the prosecution to produce a body.
You should have gone with the grey suit and blue tie.
The judge is asking if you are the ghost who walks?
Sorry, Death, but you're getting life.
Don't be so grim, I still have two more kids to put through College
We will do better without Juror #3, if you know what I mean...
I am just not sure that it is a good idea for you to take the stand in your own defense
I see this isn't the first time you've faced life.
Wouldn't it be ironic if you got life?
Just stick with that you can't put a face with a name.
The prosecution has agreed to take the death penalty off the table.
You were expecting a change of venue...to WHERE?
Sure, I'm going to close strong--but not that strong.
Remember now, "repossessing," "repossessing," not "Reaping."
The judge says no hoodies.
Juries tend to be lenient given short life expectancy, which puts you in a strong position.
What part of "Lose the hoodie" did you not understand?
You may be my Ghost Writer, but I'll telling the truth!
No. You can't approach the witness.
I think your best shot is the Ingmar Bergman defense.
Now try to not look so grim.
Poker face, not blank stare.
Waaaait a second...have you been saying REAP all this time??!
The offer is"Death without the possibility of parole".
I'm having trouble reading your lips.
I hear the jury is pro-life.
In the event that it's even possible, be sure to never make eye contact with any juror.
Yeah, but after the "Raise your right hand" part, I thought you really loosened up.
Pretty safe to say the death penalty is off the table.
I know you killed him, but did you *kill him* kill him?
Don't worry - it's a jury of your pyres.
Please tell me you didn't hang the jury.
Are you looking for a hung jury?
You're a dead man with that plea.
Don’t worry – just last week I got Pestilence off on a misdemeanor.
"Maybe you shouldn't wear that on the witness stand." '
Like I said, you can’t plead 'its my job.'
We have to play the 'troubled childhood' card.
You have a great prima facie case for your identity theft.
You may have taken Habeas Corpus a bit too literally
The case is circumstantial at best. No one ever saw your face.
I tried but they won't take the death penalty off the table.
Jurors tend to look at someone like you as just an empty suit
This is a civil case. We can only ask for monetary damages.
Remember you didn't do a thing. You were just the welcome committee.
My client invokes his right to habeas corpses.
Your arguments in opposition to physician-assisted suicide appear self-serving.
Please, please, please, if he mentions "The Death Sentence," try not to laugh.
Your breath smells like death.
Don't worry, you're safe! They used facial recognition software.
Without the hoodie you'd have a better chance.
Don't worry, I worked for Robert Shapiro in the 90s.
Looks like you'll have plenty of time for chess.
Well, regardless of your "dominion over all", the IRS is still requiring that you pay "all" of those back taxes.
The judge says metaphysical flights aren't deductible unless your Boss signs off on them.
What is this Ebeneezer Scrooge guy going to testify about?
I should have said more like what -I- would wear to work.
This is no time to try and save face.
Keep your mouth shut.
Relax. The onus is on the Crown to prove that scythe was intended for anything but trimming the lawn....
In your case the death penalty is probably moot.
No, I don't think your smile is what's making the jury uncomfortable.
Now they will read each of the 107,343,279,045 counts.
Your CPA is dead? Now you tell me?
I don't think we're going to make it to trial.
Relax, we've been through this billions of times.
I think you should try losing the hoodie.
Plead insanity.
Remember, try to smile with your voice.
Just don't react when the judge mentions the death penalty.
You shouldn't worry. The worst you can get is death.
Don't worry - they can't possibly give you a life sentence.
I love your half glass full attitude, it makes me feel so alive
I still don't think you'd enjoy death row.
We could go with a Insanity plea or you could just use the Jedi mind trick and We can be out in Ten minutes !
If I've told you once, I've told you a 1,000 times, juries never trust a blank expression.
The case is looking grim.
Cheer up, you could get life.
Well, I'll be damned. You're telling me that you didn't file your taxes?
Our chances are looking grim.
I get it, believe me, 25 to life is ironic.
Well 'Death', if that is your real name, 'I am a lawyer.' It's you who should be worried.
This is pretty serious. It's either going to be eternity in prison or the living penalty.
It will be easier now that we succeeded in getting a separate trial for Taxes.
I think if we plead now, we can avoid the you penalty.
Something tells me he won't be sentenced to life.
Well, at least we can be assured that Capital Punishment is off the table.
Maybe it would have been better if you had not said, "Hey, it's my job".
They think that you should have had the foresight to not look in the rear view mirror.
It'll be important to establish that you've paid your taxes.
Next time wear white, it's your only hope!
Don't worry, we'll put forward a spirited defense.
I am afraid I will not be be able to represent you post-mortem
It's not looking good. They want to give you life.
Remember, to the jury you're just a faceless number.
Don't worry. The bailiff won't let anything happen to your scythe.
Tell me... are you absolutely certain?
The whole "'till death do us part" thing didn't seem to work so well for us this time.
Don't worry, you said they didn't get a good look at your face.
I'm sorry, but they've taken the death penalty off the table.
Mr. Reaper, didn't we agree on a new hood when the charge is murder?
I don't think they'll go for involuntary manslaughter.
When I say valley of shadows, you say supermarket.
I don't think there's a bulk discount.
It wouldn’t hurt to smile a little when you testify.
This case is driving me to an early grave. Please stop smiling.
It's not going to help to tell them you invented the death sentence.
Even you can't dodge taxes.
They're going to try to establish intent.
Think of it this way, encountering juror bias is not unusual, but simply a matter of degree. In some cases, like yours, it just seems to be a tad more pronounced.
Remember, it's important to make eye contact with the jury
When you look at the jury, try not to look so grim.
Why aren't you wearing the glasses I got you?
Joint custody is acceptable but I will not budge on the gardening tools.
Can you wait until next month? These character witnesses will turn this case around.
Honestly, I don't think that you should testify.
Hey man, If you had just paid your taxes, we wouldn't be here.....
I thought I told you no hoodie.
It's not looking good, Mr. Cheney.
I think the best we can hope for is a hung jury.
Apparently, the 'open carry' law doesn't apply to scythes.
'It was just his time' may not be our best argument.
I contacted your list of character witnesses, but they all said "Go to hell!"
I think I can get the murder charges dropped down to aiding and abetting.
Death penalty? You’ll have to be more specific.
I would prefer to go to hell. My wife is already in heaven
The judge says for you to habeas corpus and be quick about it.
Should we cop a plea?
Ixnay on the eathday talk.
If it doesn't fit, you must acquit. Right?
The worst they can give you is life, so you'll be out in no time at all.
Just remember, you were home with your mother watching Judge Judy.
I'm glad to see you decided to take my advice and face the charges like the man you seem to be.
Because you're death, witness protection is out of the question.
Quit killing the jurors. It's a civil case.
I'm dead if I lose this, right?
What's with the outfit? Do you have a death wish?
With a little luck, I can get you life.
Unfortunately, some of the jurors are against the death penalty.
What do you mean "you want to change your plea to "not guilty""?
Listen, J.J. Abrams will cameo you in the last 90 seconds, is that cool?
You can relax, it's just the death penalty.
assume you are ok with a hung jury
What was it you said your name was again?
This case might last an eternity.
The judge doesn't like hoodies.
In this instance of identity theft, we have an excellent shot at a necessity defense
Sure, I know you'd like a death sentence.
No fingerprints on the scythe - we're good.
You look like a 'New Yorker Cartoon'
"Could you at least have worn a tie"!
The hoodie is killing us!
Don't look on the dark side. Juries like diversity.
"They're offering 25 to life." Submitted by Douglas Monaghan, Floral Park, NY
I suppose that an appeal is unlikely.
Relax. God is taking care of this.
You know, a suit and tie would have made a better impression.
So much for that Witness Protection Program, huh?
Don’t do anything that might turn the jury against you.
It he DNA tests on the scythe were negative.
Relax. You were just doing your job.
Just between you and me . . . did you do it?
I'm going to move for summary judgment.
Damn. It's Prima facie. Death and taxes.
So you come as the angel of death to avoid doing your taxes.
They'll settle for another 10 years.
Mr. Crane, at some point you have to face the facts.
For the last time, you're not pleading the "scythe"!
No I can't tell them your sickle is a tool of the trade.
Don;t worry, the bailiff forgot to bring a bible
Let's make this easy--don't show your face.
Does this mean life!
You can't object every time I say 'habeas corpus.'
It's evidence; you'll get the scythe back after the trial.
Watch carefully. I'm going to kill this.
I'm thinking the death penalty would be win-win.
No, you can't "recuse" the judge.
they will ask you to state your full name for the record
So much? And I thought my last lawyer's retainer was high.
Stop looking so grim and we can win this.
Don't come out unless you hear "summary judgment".
The "gloom and doom" defense won't fly.
Relax. I got O.J. off.
I take it you don't care about the death penalty.
I like the new haircut!
Honestly, that "eyes are the windows of the soul" doesn't matter in court.
Not good, but what do you have to lose?
Ironically, they want the death penalty.
It's kind of ironic that you got life.
The death penalty should be a cinch.
The judge thinks you're a freight risk.
The jury's returning. Try not to look so grim.
We have to prove they weren't premeditated.
How do you even get ticketed on the Highway to Hell?
Well at least death is off the table.
Relax, when they ask the witness to point to the accused, just pull the hoody off, I'll have you home before dinner.
I'm sorry, but "I was just doing my job" is not a valid defense.
Good work. They’re looking for a scythe instead of a 38.
Can you get me out of this?
I just don't know how my life could get any worse. OR I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
They'll think your guilty if you look so grim.
Oh, stop worrying about the hoodie. You're not the Black Death.
Keep it out of sight unless one of their witnesses starts lying.
You look like murder.
And try to keep a non-threatening expression on your face.
I just worry that the hoodie makes you look a little suspicious.
I can try arguing self defense.
No, I don't think we can subpoena members of Blue Oyster Cult to take the stand in your defense.
We lucked out. The judge is dead.
The judge says it's the worst case of identity theft he's ever seen .
If we're lucky...they"ll offer a death sentence
You're accused of committing a faceless crime.
Will you be involved with jury selection?
The prospect of a favorable judgment looks grim, which wont come as a surprise to you.
It's The People vs. the Undertaker. There's no way they win.
It's been difficult to find a jury of your peers.
You sure you want to stick with the Holy Ghost defense?
No, the District Attorney won't take the death penalty off the table.
I get you the death penalty and you're complaining?
No, I don't know why they call it a penalty.
If this were Texas, the "He needed killing" defense might have worked.
Be not proud. Take the fifth.
Professional attire meant a suit and tie.
Remember what we rehearsed--you were on holiday.
Remember, when they swear you in, you can't say 'Lucifer !'
Did you get your sickle through the metal detector?
You should have told me about the scythe.
I'm going to go with the "Acquit or it will be Grim" argument.
Tommorrow - less eyeshadow.
You're right. The hoodie does make you less threatening.
I told you not to wear your hoodie!
How many billable hours do I have left?
I'm not asking for the death penalty
The bad news is they have a lot of witnesses against you - the good news is none of them are available to testify.
Wait, your the Grim Reaper? I'm not sure i'm on the right side of this case anymore!
Just take the fifth if you're asked about taxes.
What's your definition of habeas corpus?
Remember, no matter what: don't let them see you sweat
Look Mr. Reaper, the DA said "involuntary manslaughter" is still on the table. I suggest you take the deal.
Stay away from any radical comments on the death penalty if they don't confirm you.
I tried to get you off, but they're insisting the death penalty.
I agree, the jury's lack of eye contact is worrisome.
This case is beginning to look very grim
Remember, you didn't see nothing, hear nothing, or do nothing, you weren't even there.
I really don't think they'll seek the death penalty
If you plead guilty, I think we can get you life.
I think it's time to put a scare into juror number three.
You're sure you want to petition the court to change your name to Robin?
Yes, Community Service, but...
You have to stop killing the testifiers.
But it's only a parking ticket.
I told you.....no eye contact with the jury!
Trust me, without the scythe, they've got no case.
It looks pretty grim - how does manslaughter sound to you?
How do I send the bill, to the campaign or him personally?
Yes,I think first impressions are pretty damn important.
As your lawyer, I strongly advise that your case will go better for you if you lose the hoodie.
No worries, prior bad acts are excluded
Do what I told you and I'm sure we can avoid the you penalty.
I'll tell the judge you were only doing your job
Remember your in the witness protection program. Don't give your real name.
C'mon, man . . . the trial hasn't even started!
I made a deal with the jury they couldn't refuse.
My clients don't usually ask for the death penalty
Objection!
Remember Eye Contact
I don't think calling War, Pestilence, and Famine as character witnesses is going to help.
Being under Texas law, you can look forward to...well...yourself.
I recommend that you take the Fifth.
For now, we'll leave getting the hung jury to me.
Say nothing about your black hole theory
Would I have gotten a better lawyer if I had paid more?
I see you're wearing an American Giant hoodie... waited six months for mine but it was definitely worth it...fantastic product, don't you think?
Face it, the outlook's pretty grim
I'm the lawyer. I make the closing statement.
I don't think killing all the jury members is a good idea.
I think we can plea it down to a lie sentence.
Twenty to life -- take it.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times: you reap what you sow.
No, I think we can plea it down to a life sentence.
Look Mr. Reaper, we can't just keep using the old "it's my job" defense...
Death AND taxes, death AND taxes. Why is that so hard for you to get?
Life without parole. I wish I had better news.
I am worried about the way you are dressed before a conservative judge. He normally rules against men wearing nail polish.
I don't think the death penalty will be invoked.
Would it kill you to blink once in a while?
And please don't laugh so loud when you hear the verdict!
I'm confident the prosecution won't be able to positively identify you.
No guarantees, but I'm pretty sure I can get you 20 to death.
At least we don't need to worry about the death penalty.
The good news is the prosecution will have a difficult time finding witnesses.
We're *this* close to a mistrial, Dave... can you dial it down a notch?
This case is a real killer
My bad! I thought you would have loved the death penalty.
Off the record, does that come in a pinstripe?
So...Let me get this straight. ,You want all the royalties from a song, using your name, which was sung in the movie "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"
I know it's ironic, but they're giving you life.
So what say we get a cuppa coffe after this?
No I can assure you guilt was not written all over his face.
Visa of MasterCard, No Discovery
The defense calls Al Cowlings to the stand.
Joint custody is off the table.
Your attire is inappropriate for an alleged serial killer.
You're right. Hung jury.
Let me tell you about my repeat customer discount.
Ya. I just think scythe or no scythe, you're doomed.
The jury needs to see your lighter side.
Stop moaning. It's not the end of the world.
I hear orange is the new black
I'm just sayin', your dark side is darker and than most of my clients so work with me a bit today.
I'm thinking hung jury.
The death penalty has no effect here.
No I don't think "Self Defence" would be a good angle.
Are you sure you're not keeping anything from me, Mr. Spectre? It could affect the outcome of our case.
I told you to wear a suit and tie--not a Halloween custome.
What do you mean, you never lose?
You're lucky, the capital punishment is not permitted in this state...
Yes, but Beelzebub's DNA is on the scythe, Mr. Grim."
Look, it's not a matter of life and death — is it?
I know you're the executioner - I'm worried about the judge and jury.
I'm sorry—it looks like a life sentence.
You're looking at 100 billion counts, but I'm pretty sure I can get the Hitler charge dropped.
I'm not suggesting anything, but juror #7 has a heart condition.
Remember - during cross-examination, stay grim.
I think I can get them to drop the charge down to Man slaughter.
I'm sorry, they will not allow you to execute yourself.
We are merely going to suggest that the scythe could have been planted at the scene.
No, two LIFE sentences!
The prosecution is going for eternal damnation but I'll plead it down to being a super delegate at the Republican convention.
Was a suit and tie too much to ask?
I'm thinking the hood defense--If it doesn't fit, you must acquit.
You're giving me mixed signals - how do you plead?
Let's get you clean shaven.
Of course we will appeal if your given a "life" sentence.
Remember what I told you. When you take the stand, it's all about eye contact with the jury.
I know you're experienced, but I'll do the closing.
Remember, we're trying NOT to get the guy executed.
Just be yourself, you have nothing to hide.
A recess because you "have a 2:00?" Seriously?
The DA assured me the death penalty is off the table.
I keep telling you . . . the prosecution has six nuns who saw you.
When I call you to the stand, leave the scythe under the table, OK?
I am sorry Mr. Scrooge, but I am afraid you may have to face the music.
If "The Devil and Daniel Webster " is any precedent, I have you beat.
I'm sorry, the judge refused to accept your plea of death
They ran face-recognition software on the surveillance footage, and for you it's looking pretty grim.
We've got to claim something besides mistaken identity
I'm sorry, you're likely to get life.
I don't think a change of venue will help.
They're asking for life.
Don't show too much emotion.
I'll try, but I can't promise you the death penalty.
We don't recommend the death penalty for shoplifting
The hoodie scares people.
Unfortunately, proving you're not guilty on all 11,415,521,778 counts is going to be a challenge.
If we lose this, the judge'll recommend the life penalty.
Remember - don't take your scythe to the stand.
This must be serious. You sent a partner instead of an associate.
Well, looks like this case will be the death of me.
So, you're hoping for the death penalty?
You tell all your clients to plead "no contest," don't you?
Since the hood didn't fit, they must acquit.
Putting on a good face is critical.
If they can't produce a sickle, I think we're good.
Don't worry. You're going to kill in the cross examination.
Yes, I know you have some experience with plea bargaining, but let me handle this.
Don't worry--there's no life penalty in this state.
Remember! You were just following orders!
Honestly, let me handle this.
Death becomes you, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Relax! There's no way they'll be able to make a positive ID.
Sometimes, it is like looking in a mirror
I'm expecting another hung jury.
If only we didn't have jurors 3 and 7 ... just sayin'.
You'd be surprised how few interns choose tax law.
I assume you're okay with the death penalty.
"Hipster grass cutting?" Really?
When you take the stand, I'm calling you 'Jim'
It's never been tried before, but we're going with a raison d'etre defense.
I'm going to push the rationale that a death sentence would be superfluous.
Yes, this is a death penalty jurisdiction.
Their case is kaput once the DA's witness has to ID you!
Given the number of victims, I don't think we can expect much leniency.
You feel a draft?
It's just like we practiced: "Not that I recall."
It's the season's finale!"
In this case, what you reaped sued you.
Remember on the question of your innocence your response is; "I'm dead right"
Life without parole is the best you can expect.
Remember to look the jury in the eye.
I am worried that the jury may have found your alibi quite hollow.
Will you have to recuse yourself because of my brush with death?
I suggest a different outfit at trial.
Remember, our client's life is in your hands.
What's this about an appointment in Samarra?
On the bright side, your priors are inadmissible.
I told you to wear something professional.
I think we're having trouble with the sympathy vote.
The hung jury joke might have been a bad call.
No, I don't think more cowbell will mitigate the public's fear of you.
I know there is nothing certain except death and taxes so please let me finish.
Though in your case, 'life' might be a good thing.
I said do not wear your work clothes.
Relax, Ichabod, I'll get you off.
Watch out for Juror #4. Her grandmother just died.
Too late, your low profile is not helping us at this stage of the process.
I think we'd have better luck if you lost the hoodie.
Relax, try not to look so grim.
I recommend not taking the stand.
Just remember- You saw nothing, you heard nothing.
Bragging about your career isn't helping.
You get weekends and Easter.
Don't be so grim; you can only get life without parole.
Do you have anything to say about your death sentence?
No one on the jury recognizes your face but they all know your name.
How can house arrest be a 'horrible' outcome?
The facts aren't great but motive may be hard to prove
I'm hoping not to receive a you sentence.
Guess who's turning state's evidence against you--your good buddy, Taxes.
This is a contract case--we can't ask for the death penalty.
I'm getting the feeling you want the death penalty.
Our only hope is a hung jury.
Sepulchre? Is that some kind of plea?
What's the worst that could happen, a death sentence?
My colleagues get a little suspicious sometimes
So that's your defense? Because she could not stop for you, you kindly stopped for her?
Due to the grizzly discovery of the hung jury, we motion for mistrial.
Unfortunately, this is not a death penalty state.
Just be yourself and look hard at every jury member.
Look, I know it works for Zuckerberg, but...
The last thing you need to worry about is a death sentence.
We'd be in better shape if you hadn't taken Scalia.
Just remember, you might be facing death...but so is the judge when he talks to you...
Remember, Mr Reaper, if anyone asks God is NOT dead.
I'll be using the "Because she could not stop" defense.
At this time the defense rests.
At least this state no longer has the death penalty.
To be honest, you look like a good candidate for the death penalty.
The good news is the prosecutor's taken the death penalty off the table
What are you in the dark about? They said you used deadly force!
They're probably going to ask for the death sentence.
When you're on the stand, whatever you do, don't touch the judge.
Just as I suspected...it is a capital offense
If you don't show remorse, we can still get you the death penalty.
We got a writ of habeas corpses.
This could take a while.
I'll ask for the death penalty, commuted to time served
Insanity is okay, but inevitability will get you life.
So, what do I owe you if we win this case?
But your testimony would be deadly!
OK. Death after life.
We're short on character witnesses.
You know, Donald, you have an aura about you.
It looks like the prosecutor is going to offer you life
How do you feel about ankle bracelets?
So, your plea is justifiable homicide?
No, no . . . _you're_ going to be executed.
Nice Tie
Perhaps it would help if you remove your hoodie.
So, you are telling me that the death penalty would be a complement?
Stereotypically speaking, this is not a good look.
Judge Reynolds spares no one.
Have you signed a book deal yet?
There's only one way out of this, drop the hoodie and show this jury you are a man of your word!
How many skeletons do you have in your closet?
Even if they don’t buy the argument that your presence was just ‘circumstantial’, Grim, do you really care if they give you death?
The verdict is looking pretty grim.
He's known as the hanging judge. So you're good.
Your wardrobe choice tells me that you don’t fully grasp the death penalty laws in this state.
This will not be that long a trial!
You cannot ask for the death penalty for your traffic citation.
Because War, Pestilence and Famine took the dang plea deal, that's why not.
Motion denied.
I can't touch that Bible. You know that, right?
Let's tell the judge that you were only doing your job.
Don't worry, I'll just tell them it's your job.
you say you had experience in high crime cases !
I predict a hung jury.
Oh, uh-that's not what I meant by a hung jury.
Remember, I asked you to wear a suit to make a good impression.
To be honest, our chances of winning this case are looking pretty grim.
Counsel. Explain to me please how "Life plus 25 " works again.
What say we ask for a change of venue?
The press is going to have a field day if the judge gives you life.
They want you to serve life.
I know, I know. I'm annoyed it's called a penalty, too.
No juror's gonna find you guilty!
Seriously? You wear a hoodie to court?
Seriously. It's called a death 'penalty.'
The jury doesn't like you. You need to testify that you blacked out.
I thought we agreed that you wouldn't wear your hoodie to court!
Really! Can't you miss one Halloween?
As your lawyer I advise you to plead the fifth.
No eyewitnesses, but you still don't look innocent to the jury.
I'm afraid your DNA results are not encouraging.
I can't ask for Death Penalty...I am your Public Defender not he Prosecutor.
For the umpteenth time, its YOUR life on the line, not mine.
Drop the smirk or you'll be known at the grin reaper.
Remember, you're just a harbinger of death - not the root cause.
Yes, I suppose you would like to see a hung jury.
‘No Lives Matter’ won’t hold up in court.
I'm sorry but you have to admit it's a little amusing that it's called the death penalty.
We can plea bargain for a life sentence.
I suppose not seeing you smirk can help.
Honestly, that scythe at the scene belonged to the 94 year old paraplegic.
I think you should opt for the guillotine
I know, but please just say, "Not guilty, Your Honor."
Okay fair, he did say a commuted life sentence, but...
As your attorney I'd advise you to lighten up a bit.
She meant literally ""til death do us part?"
You didn't tell me you were sleeping with her.
Kris Kringle won his case!
Listen, the jury will side with the police if you insist on the hoodie.
Why the blank stare?
Well, a life sentence would be pretty ironic.
Before we begin I need to know - did you do it?
They've asked you to take the death penalty off the table.
You're missing all of your 1099-DIE forms.
I didn't say "let's" get rid of Juror No. 7.
But the victim identified you out of a line-up!
If it's any consolation, they named the penalty after you.
Judge Zachary is offering leniency if you could maybe alphabetize the list.
We've already set one precedent. We now have a strong case to set a second one and win your tax appeal.
Fine, you can take me. But may I first moon the jury?
Don't worry... I have a Plan B.
I'm not sure 'Just doing my job.' is really the best defense here.
Your case isn't looking good but I don't think you have much to lose.
You'd have had more luck if you'd gone with the plaid shirt and sport coat like I said.
I advise to lose the hood and plead the fifth.
If you want to be acquitted, I suggest you ditch the pride routine.
We're still having trouble getting a jury of your peers.
I got them to drop the death penalty.
How many did you say St. Peter stole?
I've got to warn you... hoodies don't usually go over well here.
What do you mean you may have "mixed a few up?"
You're worried about the composite?
Relax. Without the scythe, they haven't got a prayer.
Don't worry. The numbers are on your side.
My people do not communicat well with your people.
Do you remember if they ID'ed you in the lineup?
Let me get this straight- you plea-bargained for the death penalty?
Technically the Death penalty might just mean probation in your case.
" The best we can do is Life without any chance of parole".
I don't think you will be getting a jury of your peers.
Give me back my daughter, just for one more day
Thanks for agreeing to leave the scythe outside the courtroom.
Make eye contact with the jury.
Do you have your voter I.D. card with you?
Relax. A hundred-billion deaths, sure—but no witnesses.
I can't promise that you won't get life
I suggest we plead diminished reaponsibility.
Well, the jury really heard our expert on the constitutional right to own and use a scythe, and I think it would be a huge mistake to put you on the stand.
I have repeatedly said there is no dress code here!
Please stop requesting a hung jury.
My best advice: deny everything.
Yes, wearing a hoodie could hurt you with this jury, but it's your call
'The good news is that, so far, no one can positively identify you".
If you want the jury's sympathy, try no to look so grim.
"Your rhyming attorney says 'since you have no face, we have no case' ".
This judge is reasonable. I think we can plea bargain the charges from 110 billion counts down to 80 billion or so...
Face facts, man, if you show your face, you'll be faced with a felony.
Make sure you put that bag of Skittles away in your pocket before you leave this courtroom.
You really shouldn't threaten the witness like that.
What do you mean you won't 'accept' a life sentence?
They need you to sentence yourself to death.
We have to prove this guy had a death wish.
The death penalty is off the table, not that it matters.
May I suggest more contemporary attire once the jury has been seated..?
Who'd have thought they'd get you for tax evasion.
I'm afraid just arguing 'his number was up' isn't going to get you acquitted
Take the deal. You can do death row standing on your head.
You're in luck--he's a hanging judge.
This may result in a redundancy.
There's not much we can do. You were clocked going 90.
If there's no obit, they must acquit?
I told you yesterday that it's okay to wear white after Easter.
You don't exactly have an innocent face
I just don't see how we can argue it was an act of god.
There's not a soul in this place willing to testify on your behalf.
Why the long face---we're winning, aren't we?
Try to show off some bone so the jury can see you're white.
You"re late!
Yes, I did get Taxes off, but you're not going to be that easy.
You may have dressed for the occasion.
Worst case, Prison of Life, no chance for parole.
Relax--he's a hanging judge.
We've got an excellent case--they have no witnesses.
Remember, "if the scythe doesn't fit, you must acquit."
Well, your alibis' not being able to show up does create a bit of a problem.
Stop looking at the jury.
Relax...all the witnesses are dead.
Well for starters, instead of leading the dearly departed to the afterlife, you took him to an After Hours Strip Club.
If only Ted Cruz had won the election.
They’re just prejudiced. They think that every faceless man in a cloak is guilty of soul theft.
Are you worried you will be or won't be sentenced to death?!
We're going to go for everlasting life.
I'm so sorry. You're facing life.
You say my wife hired you?
hold that thought.
Just to let you know, the judge is giving you the evil eye.
Just so we are clear, you want me to argue in favor of the death penalty. Is that correct?
The judge has to sentence you to death or life in prison. Either way, you're OK.
Remember, if they ask about the Black Plague, plead the Fifth.
You're lucky, he's a hanging judge.
I can get you immunity, but only if you testify against the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
I say we go for the death penalty.
Just remember, you're the one who was cheated.
We can get a court order but I can't guarantee that the magazines will stop.
I'll do the talking. You do the pointing.
I know a way out of this, but I'm not sure you're going to like it.
I think you'll do well in the witness protection program.
Yes, you... and taxes.
not a good time to announce you support the death penalty
I doubt you'll get life
I recommend not mentioning your work the elderly.
I think the death penalty is our best option.
They found your DNA on the scythe.
Let's stop with the footsie, and try to keep this professional.
Well, at least we don't have to worry about capital punishment.
I think you're going to like your sentence
I'm sure you do indeed find it comical to be told by the judge that your case looks grim - but I really do need you to focus right now.
Trust me, no one will ever vote to convict.
Famine has turned state's evidence.
Be more optimistic, I intend to cloke you in an insanity plea!
How did the defendant survive? I thought you were flawless.
We're going to ask that your prior record be ruled inadmissible.
Don't be so grim. We have a good case.
At least you don't have to worry about getting the death penalty.
This is going to be so ironic if you get the death penalty.
We're hoping to keep the scythe out of evidence.
Lose the hoodie, it might give them the wrong idea
I told you, dress like you are going to church, not to Hell.
Tell me again how you were identified in the police line-up.
Yes, I’d say it DOES look bad for you.
First of all, in the court of law, "habeas corpus" does not mean "take the body."
Your problem is you're a one-trick pony.
Your outfit doesn't exactly scream "Innocent."
Your ex may have taken you to the cleaners, but she can't have your soul.
I hate to say this, but we're probably looking at the death penalty.
I don't think we can rely solely on your Second Amendment rights.
No sir, we cannot appeal. The judge ruled that the statute of limitations applies in your case since it was proved you died in 1893.
A white robe would look better in the witness box.
Don t worry.The jurors will love your soft look.
You don't give me any confidence in your legal expertise.
When I say "the defense rests," don't take that as an invitation.
Does that hoodie come in blue?
This is not a sympathetic jury
But seriously, I love your work.
As your attorney I must advise you there is no way I can request a hung jury or a deadlocked jury in my closing argument!
Between you and me, we can kill this case!
Witness: "I can't say for certain. It was either him or taxes."
What happens if you get the death penalty?
Too bad you can't sit in the back.
The jury's looking Grim.
The statute of limitations covers most of these.
You are making my defense work of you seem hollow
I think your Facebook profile is going to hurt us.
Sorry sir, we strive to appear transparent here
I don't think 'It's my job' is a good defense.
I blame Frank Luntz. The judge is ruling that the Estate Tax name change means you owe a bundle in back taxes.
For the trial I said formal dress not normal!
I though I was off the table.
You want a change of venue to where?
There's precedent here. The judge has a heart murmur.
If the judge grants class action you're done for.
Don't let them rattle you; they call me an empty suit too.
No, the glove defense has already been used.
Bad luck; this judge is pro-life.
I think you misunderstood me when I said we need to bury the evidence against you,
I am advising you to lose the hood.
You having nothing to worry about. The witness never saw your face.
Gotta say, these are the most amicable divorce proceedings I've witnessed!
Well you tell me. ..You're the expert in the death penalty.
The judge wants you to list all the institutions that issued these certificates.
So, you're certain, that there is no chance for a win on appeal in tax court?
The worst you can get is life.
You are making the jury uneasy!
What are your thoughts on the death penalty?
My advice is lose the hood.
I don't want the last meal !
It's looking good, still no available witnesses.
Look, I'll do my best, but you should have paid your taxes.
Frankly Mr. Zimmerman, I don't see how this helps your case.
This case is going to be the death of me.
Remember, without fingerprints, they can't prove anything.
Defending taxes would be easier than this.
Scythes are definitely offensive weapons and the judge is not a, 'most excellent dude!'
Don't destroy a good story with the truth.
Actually, in this jurisdiction, it's the judge's responsibility to issue the death sentence.
Look, I'm your attorney. Your scythe will be safe in my office...you've got to trust me. Oh, and keep the hood on. Trust, remember? I've been around the block a few times on account of you.
I still think the non--existence plea is your best shot.
Sh-h-h. 108 billion counts of homicide is nothing to snicker at.
And remember don't say anything until I ask you to explain why Frank isn't here.
You know, there are a lot of people who want you dead.
Too bad, but since you're already dead, they can't give you life.
With all due respects ,Community service at the funeral home is your only option.
I don't think it is a defense that you were just doing your job.
Jury of your peers? Ah... I don't think so.
You could plead ignorance, but it is the other certainty in life.
I think you can take down your hoodie now.
They want you to try on the glove.
I'm gonna put you on the stand. Can you smile?
On the other hand, you could look at a death penalty decision as a win-win.
Maybe we should stop insisting on a jury of your peers.
" Listen Grimm, the Law clearly states that you sew what you Reap "!
It helps that you're active in the community.
This is a bankruptcy case. My client isn't a great guy, but his ex-wife can't demand the death penalty.
Am I looking at the death penalty?
Death, thou shalt die!
You look like you've seen a ghost.
I'll put you on the stand to prove you're innocent if you'll change out of the clothes you wore when you committed the crime.
As your attorney, I strongly advise that you stop making eye contact with the jurors.
Personally, I don't thick they can touch you.
The hoodie was not a good idea.
Professional courtesy doesn’t exempt you from taxes.
That's not what I meant by "capping the testimony."
I fired your wardrobe consultant.
Well what do you think about if the scythe don't fit you must acquit?
Don't worry. I think they will have a hard time finding a jury of your peers.
Would it kill you to let ME do the talking?
I promise you won't get life.
It's important that you don't laugh when they mention the death penalty.
I believe you but will they?
In witness protection people won't recognize you.
I thought we agreed on a sweater vest and tie?
I've never seen anything like it -- seven billion restraining orders.
Here we are... Death and Taxes
Just don't get any penalties.
Try to present a bright picture of yourself.
We're going with the empty suit defense.
We may be looking at life!
You of all people should have known the difference between a hung jury and a hanged jury.
The jury was only out six minutes.
Why are you hiding?
If you wanted Clarence Darrow, you should have thoght of that earlier.
We'll win if you can scare the piss out of the jury.
No, I don't think asking for life in prison will get you off the hook.
Let's use the Star Wars defense.
It's obviously a case of mistaken identity.
Now you just need the jury's approval. Then you'll only have twenty-five years to wait!
You have the right to remain deathly silent.
You did copyright the death penalty ?
You're my father?
They're sentencing you to you.
I think you're misunderstanding habeas corpus.
No, you can't strike all the jurors.
I'm not worried. In this county, you always get a jury that's mostly undead.
nope, no pre-cradle, no post-grave...
I told you not to hitch your wagon to the taxman.
Try to be a little more approachable in front of the jury.
Get rid of the hoodie. It makes you look guilty.
Remember, we have to let the jury see the real you.
If asked about your time on Wall Street, remember what I said; you were "fruitfully remunerated."
Me? But I paid for all day parking.
Victims wearing hoodies typically do not fare well.
You should have paid your taxes.
Donald, listen to me, trust me, the Grim Reaper look is a classy step up.
Unfortunately they just found the Scythe.
No, I don't think they'll buy it was a mutual mistake
If they ask, you've never seen that scythe before in your life.
I doubt the jury will accept a defense of "occupational homicide".
You face 55 million counts from last year alone.
I think we should be focusing on bigger issues, but the answer to your question is ‘yes’ – if you're cleared of all charges, they will very likely return your scythe.
Joe, let's face it. Uh, let me re phrase that
in Under no circumstances do I want you to look directly at the jury.
This case is the least of my problems?
Sorry, but there is a strict no hat rule.
No- I decide which jurors to eliminate
Are you still there?
If we get an acquittal, you will have cheated, well, yourself.
It looks like you are going to have pay those taxes
Not one character witness will speak in your defense?
The hoodie sure didn't help.
I'm sorry, but it seems that you are still liable despite being dead.
They're calling a fingerprint expert for the scythe.
Her attorney wants your soul too.
Yes, you can testify on your own behalf. But only as a last resort!
Naturally, it would be awkward if they sentence you to death.
No, even the faceless have to remove their hoods.
What do you mean - it's a cold case?
I think your only defense is to take the stand and sing You Can Call Me Al.
No, you cannot speak in your own defense.
The jury sent out a note asking what the death penalty would mean in your case.
They have eyewitnesses. There's no way they confused you with someone else.
I wont lie to you..things look pretty grim. Do you have something else you could wear to court?
Of course I said "coat and tie" and not "cloak and scythe."
Don't worry, we've got a jury to die for.
Don't worry - in this state, there's no death penalty.
I need you to look alive when you take the stand.
I don't feel like I am representing you in the best light.
How about, 'If the hoodie doesn’t fit, you must acquit!'?
You're the one that went with the Public Defender.
Could I possibly ask you to use 'Your Honor' instead of 'You're next'?
It's the state that asks for the death penalty, not the defense.
It's cool. You'll get your scythe back on the way out.
Let's just agree that the death penalty is a moot point
Not even the "Dream Team" could have had your priors expunged.
If it's life, I'm going for cruel and unusual punishment.
So you think self defense is the best way to go here?
There's no prima facie case.
We have to prove that you were no where near 'political civility' over the last twelve months.
Legally, our insanity defense makes sense. Existentially, we're opening up a can of worms.
I told you to wear your blue suit. You know this state does not have the death penalty.
Any plea deal is unlikely -- in your case, EVERYONE wants to shoot the messenger
Don't worry...the death penalty is off the table.
Juror number three is pro life.
Tax evasion? Really? You of all people should know the certainty of taxes.
You're making a specter of yourself.
If you take the plea deal they'll give you life.
I've never had a case where the defendant's name and the sentence are the same.
How could you not know you had to pay taxes?
Can you hear me now?
If the sickle doesn't show, you must let go!
It'd really help if you stopped dressing like that.
No. I don't think telling them that it's your job is a good idea.
I've heard of jury nullification, but this is ridiculous.
Sorry, I'm drawing a blank on your name.
"He had it coming" just won't do....
Hopefully, this will be my first--and last--near-death experience.
You're fired, Counselor, I need a fresh face.
No worries, our strategy is to save face.
Try not to look so grim when the jury enters.
What was that other thing besides taxes?
Just cross your fingers that they give you concurrent instead of consecutive sentences.
You didn't tell me you had actual skeletons in your closet.
Cool it. That vacant stare gives me the creeps.
What do you mean you feel this is a case of profiling?
Don't take this the wrong way, but I saw this coming.
We are going for assisted suicide.
Remember to say, you 'kindly' stopped for him.
That death penalty joke was too arrogant and did not help our case
Without the scythe or a pale horse they don't have a prayer.
The death penalty would be too ironic.
I told you to wear a shirt and tie... and for Pete's sake don't bring that scythe again.
it's because everyone does agree that you 'just kill' in that hoodie
Hey, what are some good chillwave bands bro?
When you get up there, just remember to plead the scythe.
If this thing goes south, we can always play the wraith card.
I thought we agreed on sweater vest with button down and tie.
You sure don't look innocent!
Here comes the jury. Put on your best face.
Bad news--you got the death penalty. Good news--that's a conflict of interest.
I think the prosecutor is gonna offer a plea bargain for life.
Don't worry. We'll file an appeal.
I told you to wear a suit and tie during the trial
Don't take the stand in your own defense.
I thought we agreed on khakis and a nice button down shirt?
You should take life.
Didn't I advise against wearing the hoodie in court?
Ever wonder why some people are in the wrong place at the wrong time?
Do your best to look innocent.
A guilty verdict won't be a problem for you.
I'm afraid that's the sentence, death.
Being dead is usually a good alibi.
I can't believe you were picked from a line-up.
Sorry, but this was a tough case.
You realize it will be hard for you to deny these accusations.
I'd say getting the death sentence is a win-win.
Looks like it's life for you.
Apparently Ingmar Bergman's motion is still under court review.....
This lawsuit against you is the biggest class action I have ever seen.
I tried to tell you. "Friend of the corpse" is not a thing.
I fully understand that you favor the death penalty if convicted.
I'm not worried about the Grim Reaper thing, I'm worried about the hoodie.
He says he wants you to stop issuing warrants.
Bad news. They're going for the life sentence.
I know they say nothing is certain but you and taxes, but they're demanding hard evidence.
Hi, Harry Potter esq. I'm either going to defend you, or pull out my wand and yell "Expecto Patronum"
Ironic. They're seeking the death penalty.
OK, with the next witness, please say "I'll see you later" with a bit less enthusiasm.
I'd suggest you lose the hoodie.
Your failure to appear isn't helping.
Unfortunately, the absence of prints on the scythe actually works against you.
I really don't think they'll believe you're a monk.
Didn't I ask you to wear a tie?
If I get you out of this one, it changes everything.
You want to plead "inevitability"? Are you sure?
They know they can't touch me.
If you plead guilty, they will take the death penalty off the table.
If we lose this case, can you at least wait 20 years before you come for me?
If you lose the hood we might be able to get a conviction on the haircut.
Did you even bother to look in the mirror this morning?
Let's go over this again; Your defense is "mortality"?
We're unable to find a jury of your peers.
I told you that trip to Cabo would come back to haunt you.
What''s being decided today is the extent of your life, not the jury's.
Why so grim? They gave you life.
Taxed to death is not a credible defense.
Remember short answers and try not to smile
Don't worry, nobody liked her.
My guess is that his first ploy will be to ask for a postponement.
Our defense is that you were hoodwinked
Remember, a smile goes a long way.
I don't think the jury is buying that the scythe belonged to "a friend".
It's looking grim, Grim.
You're my first client to ask for the death penalty.
So you say your legal experience is in futures?
I thought we talked about wearing a hoodie to court...
Death row? Well, that shortens my commute.
The defense rests... FOREVER!
A death sentence would be ironic.
Take the deal. It's only two days in heaven.
Well, the fact that you're already dead might work in our favor.
And I wouldn't bring up the 'habeus corpus' angle.
Remember, you are innocent until proven.
Few murder victims are as persistent as you.
You're lucky. In this state, there's no death penalty.
I wish you'd gone to Brooks Brothers like I'd suggested.
Who are plaintiffs? Well...I guess everybody.
"What do you mean you don't think juror number 11 will make it to the end of the trial"?
On the plus side, you can't get life.
Remember, they were already dead when you showed up.
They want a restraining order.
Good news. It's the death penalty.
Plead the insanity defense: it's the best way to beat the serial unauthorized abduction charge.
So, you're okay with the death penalty?
I'm glad you ditched the scythe, but couldn't you have worn a suit?
Just cutting grass? No, that's not credible.
The prosecution wants the you penalty
Just show a little remorse, we can probably get you a reduced sentence.
"After you testify it’s witness protection with a new identity as an Italian geriatric nurse?
The governor is willing to grant you clemecy if you agree to visit Bernie first thing.
You want to plead 'guilty as sin?'
Remember, we're angling for the death penalty
Just look at the bright side. If you get a life sentence you can go to the beach.
As your attorney I strongly advise you not to plead self-defense.
Our empty suit approach seems to work.
Don't worry. Looking like Donald Trump is not litigatable
My client would like to plead not guilty by reason of nihilism.
We're going to claim that Obamacare is an undue burden on your livelihood.
She wants the house, 3,500,000,000 souls, and the dog.
Yes, I know what happens if we lose.
I strongly advise we go for the death penalty.
Yes, I know that none of the witnesses could identify your face in the line-up but the scythe is pretty incriminating.
Well, it is an unusually large class action suit against you.
If you take the stand, they'll see right through you.
Good news....death penalty's off the table.
No. Even if you plead guilty, they can't give you life.
The charge is inappropriate garb for a 40 year old.
Are you here to tell me I'm on death row?
Tell me you're not thinking of jury tampering.
Technically, that would be jury tampering.
Don't worry, I think you'll get life.
I’m not sure that having you challenge the prosecutor to a chess match is a good idea.
Don't take the deal. Life plus 80 is a heck of a lot worse than a sentence of death for you.
We might be over playing the "pain and suffering" bit ...
Don't worry, I rehearsed: if the sickle doesn't fit, you must acquit.
They won't give you the death penalty shoplifting a scythe.
Remember, you can't reap while under oath.
You're an at-will employee, so unfortunately there isn't much more I can do for you.
Don't tell the judge you knew his mother.
Don't worry, you'll get off, even I don't recognize you!
Your optics need some improvement.
Of course, they have solid DNA evidence. It WAS the Plague.
Don't answer that, you risk life!
I knew she never saw my face...my eyes are green not blue
Sorry, it's a life sentence.
Don't forget, don't smile at the jury!
Lucky for us they got no fingerprints off the scythe.
Yes, your jury will be out for an eternity.
On the bright side, the transition will be a breeze.
Tell 'em you've been advised that it's your duty to not answer any frikkin' questions.
And you're absolutely sure it was his time...right?
I'm working to get the "your" penalty off the table".
Don't worry. We were able to dig up a couple of witnesses.
The judge is hoping you will take the death penalty off the table.
But she couldn't have identified me-I wasn't wearing this hoodie when I did it !
Don't forget...smile at the jury!
Array suit with a blue tie might have been better
We could have a problem with the "corpus" part of the writ.
In my defense, you said you preferred not to leave your comfort zone.
I think that you are carrying this "Hoodie" look a little to far.
I think you should be quiet and take the deal, if convicted you will get natural life plus ten years, that could be an eternity in your case!!
What do you mean you didn't bring the scythe?! Great, the prosecution is just going to kill you up there.
I will take the 5th amendment!
When you say "spook the jurors", what does that mean?
Must you be so doom and gloom about everything?
no, you may not tell the Judge that his time has come.
Don't look at me like that. You're the one who said you don't have fingerprints.
Let's face it, you can't win this one.
Help me out. I'm dying here.
Just doesn't work without the scythe.
Thanks, but no. When I said we could use a hung jury, that's not what I meant.
Good news .... they're offering life.
A scythe? I thought you said Skype!
After we're done here can you come with me to visit my mother-in-law?
Don't worry, I'm the best wrongful death lawyer in the county.
You should have worn the nice blue suit I got for you and ditched the hoodie.
But you told me the most the judge could give me was life!
Existentially speaking...... I don't think we can lose.
I think I can get this judge to give you life.
Now- once again-yoy're the Ghost of Christmas-What?
Your case looks grim, Mr. Reaper.
They aren't too lenient with habitual offenders...
I don't think I can defend this much longer.
You can probably avoid the death penalty, but you'll have to plead insanity.
Here's the problem. You have a really bad reputation.
Wait...is this just another lawyer joke?
Why don't you take this witness?
You'll get the last laugh.
Relax. Last year I got the Four Horsemen off with nothing more than probation.
We are going to contend it was part of your job description.
It didn't work for Lt. Calley.
Voir Dire is going to take a while...Most people know, and have strong preconceived opinions, about you.
When I said "hung jury," I was only speaking figuratively.
We'll get him next time.
That outfit makes you look guilty
Your attire might be a little grim.
You're sure you want to play the habeas corpus card?
I defended Taxes and let's just say you should take the deal.
Only you would wear a hoodie into a courtroom.
The death penalty? OK, why not?
Better late than never.
If you cop a plea, I can probably talk the prosecutor down to the death penalty.
My fee is 100 an hour and I don't see you any time soon.
It doesn't matter, they've got your fingerprints.
Please stop challenging the prosecutor to a game of chess.
Here's the deal: The DA will drop the terrorism charge... but they're not budging on Genocide 1
Dying declaration?
I think he already holds you in contempt.
Are you saying you don't want Life?
Before I start I have one last question. What happens to me if I lose?
I'm going for a hung jury. Whether if you want me to use rope or fallacious arguments is completely your call.
I'm sorry, but I don't think there is any way you can avoid the death penalty.
Capital punishment infringes upon your exclusive performance rights.
I’m sorry. I thought you would be okay with pleading to the death penalty.
You've been through how many attorneys??
So you say that your career interests have led you to seek a spot on death row?
I told you not to wear a hoodie in that neighborhood.
Trust me, he won't hold you in contempt.
Trust me, you cant be identified.
Good news. It's the death sentence.
I don't care if it's your job-you have to show some remorse.
It's an older jury. . .lose the hoody.
Okay, so my first question is "Why don't you tell no tales?"
The judge said that you have no appeal.
Is this a me penalty state?
You ok with life, without parole?
It's a death penalty case. You win either way.
Worst case? 50 to Life.
You couldn't shave?
I don't suppose you could manage to show up in a pure-as-the-driven-snow color tomorrow?
I'm afraid you may have to go underground for awhile.
Sorry, superior orders is not a good defense.
No, no, don't you see? We cannot use a writ of habeas corpus.
You know, it's not like pleading guilty is going to kill you
Call Lucifer and tell him to arrange a continuance.
What did you expect, wearing a black hoodie in that neighborhood?
I also represent the IRS
It'll be a hung jury anyway.
The Image Consultant said we should have gone with a blue oxford.
You'll want to say you use the scythe as a weed eater.
I thought we agreed you'd wear a suit.
The charge is life insurance fraud.
I'd say the jury's seriously considering the death penalty, but not for the usual reasons.
No one's going to judge you for wearing a hoodie!
Scythe or sickle?
win or lose , it's how you wore your hat
As your attorney, I can only say that your suit will just make you look more guilty.
So I think we stay with the hood. Yes, the judge hates it, but juror number 3 keeps smiling at you.
I don't think a jury trial is the best idea.
There is no plea of 'kinda guilty'.
No, no, no! It's pleading THE FIFTH, not pleading the scythe.
I don't think that is what they meant by assisted death.
Are you sure you knocked before barging through the door?
I can't stop them from referring to it as a penalty.
Be prepared to reap only what you sue.
So what's our plan if the judge doesn't offer me the death penalty?
Well, I guess they didn't go for the insanity defense.
Don't worry. Their case relies on face recognition software.
You can't keep doing that to the jury!
It's a you penalty case.
I was going to ask for some time alone with my client but have changed my mind.
Seriously, a life sentence is preferable to the death penalty.
We're going to try for a life sentence.
Yes, Texas has no right to infringe on your business.
What we really want is Involuntary.
You can testify but you have to lose the scythe and the hoodie.
I don't think " He was just doing his job" will cut it with this jury.
I don't think you have much of a chance but at least you don't have to worry about the death penalty.
We might avoid the death penalty if you plead guilty to tax evasion.
Just tell the jurors about your troubled childhood. It always works.
Is you-know-what still on the table?
What do you mean you're confident it will be a hung jury?
You realize you're facing life?
When you glance at the jurors you need to look less grim.
You may be able to walk out of here with just a point of the wrist.
Remember the worst they can give you is death, wait that's the bare minimum for you.
If you plead innocent, you might get the death penalty.
If you would remove that hoodie, you may be judged more leniently.
Can we take the death penalty off the table?
Dont worry, in this state they can't penalize you.
There is no 'other' venue!
My recommendation for you is, Lose the hoodie.
"It's what you do" may not be the best defense.
The whole AARP chapter filed a no contact order against you.
That's pretty grim news, that I'll reap what I sow.
Have you got a nice suit? This is a tough jury.
Don't look so glum. If you get life, I'm sure we'll win on appeal.
Lots of guys look like me.
We need the jury to see you as a cheerful Reaper.
Life Imprisonment is intended to be a punishment, not a philosophy.
Don't mention The Maiden.
When the judge asks for a plea, just say "all in."
Sorry, but it looks like you're going to get Life.
Take it easy. We have a good I.D. defense.
I should point out that in your case, a plea bargain will not help you escape the death penalty.
I find your argument to be somewhere between rather grim and somewhat empty.
Wear a suit and tie tomorrow, okay?
Face it, the grim truth is you're guilty.
The whole innocent until proven guilty thing will go smoother if you lose the hoodie.
In case anyone asks, I've never seen you before in my life.
Relax, imposing the death penalty would be ridiculous.
Don't worry, life is still on the table
I'm afraid you're facing the death penalty.
Do you have to wear a hoodie, Mr. death?
You keep saying hung jury like it's a good thing.
You have to give them Taxes, it's our only chance.
Should I bother having my parking validated if we lose?
Relax. You're not going to get life.
Just be thankful they're not asking for the death penalty.
Ironic, but it appears you will have to pay taxes.
Why didn't you tell me they had an eye witness?
The courtroom is all about theatre. So, break a leg." "If the jury looks at you, you're a free spirit." "It's hard to find a jury of your peers." "So I'm off the hook, right? A long and healthy life?
You'll have plenty of time for soul searching.
Look whose calling who an "empty suit".....
Well as a matter of fact, it is a capital offense."
Yes, yes, if things go our way, you will get the death penalty.
Really, George. You want to push for the death penalty again?
If you can win this case, I'll owe you everything.
You ARE entitled to compensation for the unlawful use of the phrase 'Death' penalty.
I said dress trim, not grim.
If only you'd had a license to scythe
I can't believe the nerve of this prosecutor . . . asking for the You Penalty.
I should have told you - it's called a 'metal detector.'
Is it possible to lose the hoodie? The jurors can't relate to you.
I'm afraid they are not buying your "I was only doing my job" story.
You don't give away a damn thing, do you?
That hung jury joke didn't make you any more likable.
I'd say our chances of an acquittal are looking Grim.
You've got stop saying 'It was just his time.'
He wants a stay of execution.
Which members of the jury panel will you preemptorily strike?
After careful consideration, I agree that a zero percent contingency fee is an excellent idea.
Most people swear on the Bible, but you can just use ‘The Art of the Deal’.
The scythe is protected under free speech and can't be held against you.
Would it kill you to smile at the jury once in a while?
I think they'll be going for a life sentence.
Okay. Once more: You woke up on January 1st, broke, out of a job and the scythe was just lying there.
Show some remorse and apologize to the family members of the jury.
It's inevitable. You're gonna have to pay taxes.
Don't be so grim. There were no eyewitnesses!
Just be thankful this state abolished the death penalty.
Wait - I thought I was here to defend you.
I would advise you to just pay the fine and quit using your current exfoliant!
This doesn't look good.
I know you look forward to a hung jury, but I'd like to win this.
Just sweet talk 'em
A plea of self-defense won't fly well in your case.
Could you explain how playing cowbell for Blue Oyster Cult is not relevant to this case?
If you're sure they won't testify against you, then don't take the deal.
I really feel like you should have worn a suit.
Sir, IRS offers you a payment plan.
I didn't mean 'habeas corpus' quite so literally.
Just doing your job, right?
We're having trouble convincing the judge you have PTSD.
I thought you were just absent-minded
Bad news. They've taken the death penalty off the table.
They found the scythe. We need to cop a plea.
They found you guilty on all 3 billion counts.
Before he rules, the judge wants to discuss a deal. With you.
Again, you have no priors, right?
We just handle your trusts and estates.
Ok, fine. I'll plead the 5th.
Well, the State's not budging on this coaching youth hockey thing.
Yeah, just like that – keep staring at the jury.
I'm afraid the jury can see right through you.
We've met before at that dreadful mixer at Skidmore in '04.
How does the death penalty sit with you?
According to the statute of limitations, you're already dead.
Would it kill you to smile once in awhile?
How does death in prison without parole sound?
Bad news. Famine just turned state's witness.
So, we're going for the death penalty, not eternal life on parole?
With all due respect, it's not exactly my fault that Johnnie Cochran was unavailable.
Best case we get a hung jury
What happened to the ghost of Christmas past? He was Scrooge's key witness!
On the
Any prior convictions?
Whenever you answer, just try to sound sympathetic.
You're not proud, are you?
When you testify be sure to face the jurors.
I think you should pick the jury.
Well, for you, it's not so much a penalty.
I think we're OK, they're having trouble establishing a motive
They call me the Grim Briefer.
Are you certain you paid your taxes?
I think you should take the Fifth
Just try to sound sympathetic
Ironically, you'll probably get life.
Sorry, your visitation rights are looking rather grim.
Honestly, he was dead when I got here.
Didn't I tell you to lose the hoodie for the trial?
The Jury finds the defendant, Death, guilty of the murder of 93 billion people.
Take my wife - please.
Not to worry. Your face doesn't show up on any of the security cameras.
Try not to come off as arrogant, evasive, or dead.
The Bible catching fire didn't help.
It might seem black and white to you, but the judge will never go for no chess players on the jury.
No, I'm afraid we can't use Faust as a character witness.
Bad idea telling the jury ‘All will come to me in the end’
The Judge is not buying the "wheat farmer" story.
It seems all witnesses for the prosecution have recently suffered fatal accidents.
It's the worst possible verdict. They gave you life.
Sorry, but the jury isn't literally hung.
Good news: your prints weren't on the scythe.
How do you feel about the death penalty?
No, we're not at the penalty phase of the trail yet!
Their best offer is anger management 7 times a week.
I'm sorry you didn't get the death penalty. I tried.
You have no witnesses. No one has ever come back from the dead.
God made me do it - a bit hokey but does rhyme with acquit.
You understand that this whole "Witness Protection" is not reversible, right?
So, let's assume the death penalty is off the table...
Seriously? You have a life insurance policy?
So it's not technically a hoodie. It still gives the jury an impression of menace.
You appear to be a habitual offender.
Don't worry - the wages of sin are clearly specified.
Remember, eye contact the jurors (particularly the ladies) and project a light hearted Joie de vivre.
Not a word.
Just remember: deny, deny deny.
Hung jury it is.
Let me do the talking. Nobody wants to hear from you.
It might help if you smiled at the jury.
It's usually the other way around, but these witnesses are killing us.
I know you don't do bargains but would you make an exception for this plea?
They'll be going for the death penalty so, eh, no worries.
The death penalty. You have to appreciate the meta.
When the sentence is death, I need you to act surprised.
It wouldn’t kill you to smile a little more around the jury.
Do you have a tie on under your hood?
Sorry, you've got to lose the hoodie.
This isn't about saving face.
This court is not the right place for you coming out.
One suggestion: The next time the judge says "Take the witness" - don't.
You're asking for it.
I doubt that postponing the execution in your case will help.
You have no standing in a right to life case.
We can’t lose. What jury is going to risk pissing off Death?
Not quite what I meant when I suggested you wear business attire.
They're asking for life, which I'm going to argue in your case is irrelevant.
...and if the jury finds you guilty, try not to strike down the foreman.
This case is going to kill me
Sir, the judge will ask you to remove your hood.
Visiting the judge in his quarters won't help your case.
Take off your hood or they'll think you're black.
Ok, but I don't know they'll agree to a death penalty plea deal.
They want you to serve five to ten, but I think we can get them to agree to the death penalty.
Perhaps you misunderstood the term "Jury Deadlock?"
You had better leave the jury challenges to me in the future.
'Just doing my job' is no defense.
I'm fighting for your life here!
Don't worry—You'll fit right in on death row.
At least we have precedent on our side.
Remember, you're just a guy trying to save the world from overpopulation.
"We're Killing It!
Sorry, there is no 5th Amendment protection equivalent based on how you look!
Well, I'm done here. Now about that invoice
About my bill, I prefer cash.
It looked like you convinced the older jurors.
Would you please clarify the death clause.
The case is starting to look a bit grim.
Let's face it: your only hope is a plea for manslaughter.
Mr. Death, as expected, they're asking for the death penalty.
The clothes make it difficult to argue that you're not cruel and unusual.
I think I can get it knocked down to aggravated assault.
I recommend we show them the death penalty.
If asked, say docent. It's less threatening.
I can get a continuance if you think it might help.
I'd advise you to lose the hoodie before the jury is seated.
Think of it as a vacation, and rest up for all the extra work you'll have waiting for you when you get back.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
It's going to be hard to find an unbiased jury.
''You need to wipe the smile off your face.''
Seriously? You couldn't have worn something a little less obvious?
I told you the judge would not appreciate you wearing a matching robe.
I think you need to say more than, ' I was just doing my job.'
On the bright side, they've reduced the taxes...
The State of Texas cannot execute you a second time.
"No offense, you come across a little grim.".
This is traffic court, so I'm afraid the death penalty is off the table.
You say it's pronounced "Deeth?"
The prosecutor says that if you don't accept a life term, he'll be seeking a death sentence... I'm not sure what that means here.
Yes, they're going to eye roll if you say, 'I'll see you in Hell.'
Okay, you know you're supposed to plead the Fifth, right?
You're up. Look alive.
What about our 'right to life' issue?
No, you cannot sue Ingmar Bergmann for violation of your right of publicity.
We'll have to move to a state that allows death
Just look the jurors in their eyes and they will see your point.
It simple,tell them why you were in Samara and get rid of the hoodie
It doesn't matter who sent you. You still needed a green card.
But you told me to come dressed to kill.
Take. The. Stand.
we just have to convince them that it's your job
They want to sentence you to life. How ironic is that?
''You were identified by the security camera's face recognition.''
Don't worry. The preponderance of evidence will prove the defendant lost that chess game to you.
You won't have a chance if you sit thru the trial just looking so guilty.
I'm not sure "he was at peace with it" is our best defense.
Maybe we say it's just a hoodie.
Your prospects look grim.
And in any plea bargain, you prefer the death penalty to community service?
Moving this trial to the financial district is the only way we'll find a jury of your peers.
Think positive!
No, no...it's the other way around: stare at the prosecutor, not the jury.
We could use the death penalty as a loop hole.
''She claims you were a big facetime fan.''
Your employment history is impeccable.
We'll try to get you the death sentence, anything to avoid life.
At least we got the death penalty off the table.
They'll give you back your scythe if you promise you won't take anyone away with you.
You've got a lot of counts against you.
In my estimation, it's unlikely you'll get life.
Eternity seems a little harsh…Can’t we can plea bargain down to time served in hell?
Sorry, but I can't hear you over the echo
Let me guess...A wrongful death suit?
But don't you at least want to hear my closing first?
We will fight this to death!
You couldn't find a nice suit and button down shirt to wear?
They're calling it a wrongful death.
Trust me, the devil is in the details !
Sure, I can do your taxes first.
Unfortunately, they can still charge with tax evasion.
You're killing me here.
I never do this, but I'm suggesting you go for the death penalty.
I told you from the start, should of become a doctor.
Your prints were all over the scythe.
I think you're being a little overdramatic—it's just a parking ticket.
Looks like they've got you dead to rights.
The judge is going to need to see that you have a mouth before permitting us to use the Twinkie defense.
I'd say...a ghost of a chance...but.. no worries about the death penalty.
Let me guess, you never settle either.
What do you mean that you and the judge have 'an understanding'?
Trust me: You'll kill up there.
You can kill me, but I can audit you.
Well, we didn't have enough money for Mossack Fonseca, so in your case it actually IS tax fraud.
I don't care who you are. I still have to execute your case.
If this is your idea of "saving face" then yes, I'd say the outlook's pretty Grim.
Yeah, keep staring real hard at the jury members.
I was told there'd be no math.
Great news--the prosecution wants you to get life.
The Jury Hates Your Hoodie
I'll waive all legal fees if you agree not to see me again for a long, long time.
The jury thinks you are a hoodlum.
Don't worry, they only got you on tax evasion.
No, no. They're saying they want to give YOU the death penalty.
The fact that it's your job does not constitute a legal defense.
Remember, if anyone asks, it's not your scythe...
I can get you life without parole.
The "Grim Reaper" defense scythes both ways !
